["\nThe same thing happening in the new replaced phone also I feel disappointed it's not worth for the money. It's hanging a lot in phone application. I am getting irritated when I am try to make a call. I need to wait for 30 to 40 seconds in that to most of the time it closing automatically showing phone is not responding. I didn't expect this from one plus. Totally waste product...\n", "\nEverything is best except the thing that one plus hasn't provided headphones with handset..n even cleaning cloth is not there...only one transparent cover case is available..phone doesn't have headphones jack n hence it should have provided headphones..mine is mirror Black..\n", '\n\xa0Do watch the video. M very disappointed with the product\n', '\nAwesome device, and hats off to amazon for such speedy delivery.I ordered it on 16th May 12PM and it got delivered by 17th May 10AMAnd so far I m absolutely loving this device, buttery smooth and blazing fast. But its a bit big, afterall 6.7 inches is quite a number and super slippery if used without the case.And I am awestruck by the speed it charges. 😍\n', '\nWorth every buck.Finally one plus has involved and presented a better shaped handset.- Amazing display quality and the curved edged display.- Best in class camera.- Better battery life and charging.\n', '\nWaste of money this time one plus 7 pro heavy weight not disply gud compare to samsung, also inbuilt screen guard getting with bubles and in youtube show wireless headphone and 2 axtra cover with phone but not recived this time really waste of money\n', '\nThis phone has a hanging issue. Nd ur customer care says they can send d technician on 25th. Its like  i hv spent 53000 nd still i cant use a phone.\n', '\nNo 4G direct video call!! What a mess! Clearly over priced. Display is stunning. Performance stunning. Average battery backup. Over hiped device as usual!! Worst RAM management! Only 2GB RAM is free out of 8GB in most optimized state with all the back ground applications are closed. Next upgrade should solve the RAM management problem and Direct 4G video call feature. Camera is good but not ground breaking at this price tag and as hyped by the company.\n', '\njust bought oneplus 7 prowas exploring itsaved both of my thumbs as fingerprint but the phone opened with my right index fingerprintwhat the hell is this\n', '\nI am giving 1 star for poor camera quality .The camera is bad than my oneplus 3.Its not able to focus correctly and the final image is blurry.I discovered the issue when clicking a pic of a document.The text was not sharp and all and after doing some more testing with 3rd party apps , and going thru Oneplus Forum, found that many people are facing this same issue.Oneplus should fix this issue, else this would be like OP 2\n', "\nThis is a beast of a phone. Fastest processor amongst Android phones. Full screen AMOLED display takes the viewing experience to another level. Stereo speakers quality is too good. Can't ask for a better phone.\n", "\nI got the Phone Yesterday. And from my 1 Day experience I'm giving you short review.. I won't go for the things It doesn't have.. I'll tell, how it works with the Things it have..1. Oh Boy, the Display, It's Smooth as Butter.. I think it's the best thing of this Phone.. You can use it all day and It's really really Awesome. No Display and I say No Display is Smooth and Vivid as This One...2. Speed! 90Hz Display and SD 855 show it's Muscle here.. From app opening to Gaming, it does everything smoothly!3. Build Quality is Great. It feels Solid. No way it's A One Handed Device. Slightly Heavier Side.4. Warp Charge!! Yesterday at Night 11.30 pm I started Charging with 11% Battery. Within 12.35 am it's 100%. It's Blazing Fast.Now Let's Talk about some Mediocre Stuff-4. Camera! It's Ok I'd say.. Colour is slightly shifted.. I don't know Why but My Poco is Capturing Better image than this in Automatic Mode.. It's Good and like traditional One Plus Camera.. The Only Weakness!! Front Camera is good but nothing Mind-blowing Crazy..  It tends to Crop too much in Front Camera Portrait Shots.I hope One Plus implement Wide Angle Video Recording..All I can say, It's Good Phone for 52K.. Value for Money.. But Market will be Competitive in May with Asus and Redmi New Launch. So if you can, Wait for 1 Month and Compare with Other Things.But If for Display, I will Choose this Phone Anyday over Upcoming Ones.. It's Best.... I think till Samsung Note 10, the One Plus Display will be Champion in Market.I didn't talk about 3.0 UFS storage cause everyday usage you won't see much difference.And Sorry for my Poor English!\n", "\nCamera quality is almost same as 6T, which is worst, utterly flopped popup cameraDisplay of dark cell is very bad, M30 is much better than thisI don't know about this ram, without optimizing software, more power consumption which leads battery drains fast over multi tasking and produces heat.Finally oneplus is no more for mid range premium customers. 10k higher\n", '\nCamera quality is not up to mark as per price range. There is Slow motion video recordering blanking problem. Picture clearly of 3 camera is poor. Avoid to Buy this Product.\n', '\nPhone is awesome but c connector for 3.5jack  not provided in box however in 6T they provide that same 7 pro is upgraded and high rate phone they should provide that same ! Really unhappy 😔 with OnePlus first time I purchased one plus phone and my expectations not meet !\n', '\nAfter using 36 hrs am writing this review.Screen,sound ,build quality are just awesome.I found only few Cons. like-1.battery back up2. No type-C to 3.5 jack in box where it was available with 6T model.3. No headphone/earphone in box.after paying 48999 u can expect a pair of headphone\n', "\nIt's Bulky in handit's not charging fast as they claiming 48% in 20 minsAnd it's get unusual temperature risedEar phone missed bcz now a day's all premium phone s will get good quality ear phone\n", "\nI am using this product since 2 week and I'm impressed with the product in all the way.Thank you one plus.\n", '\nphone is ok ..but battery drain very fast..Photo is good...the person who use more incoming and outgoing calls... This phone is not advisable.. then u carry Power bank or charger...1plus 6 is good , when you camper..Only for photo purpose is ok...I am really unhappy about charging point...after 4/months. This problem is coming.. charging is very slow... Not advisable.. I want return the product ... Charger is not locking inside...Wast of money.\n', '\nI do not recieve Bluetooth earphone and car charger  in YouTube one plus 7 pro unboxing show Bluetooth earphone and car charger but i only receive phone\n', '\n*SUPER ATTRACTIVE DISION*BOTH CAMERAS ARE SUPER*BATTERY LIFE IS GOOD*DELIVERY IS TOO LATE*BUT 1+  GIVE NO AUDIO JACK . THIS IS VERY DISAPPOINTED FOR ME*AUDIO QUALITY IS SUPER\n', '\nDisplay problem. After bought within one week\n', "\nVery first 30 minutes of using the mobile phone (Unboxed it), It started heating up, temperature went up to 43 Degrees,Battery started draining, GPS didn't pick the location. Later fingerprint sensor was responding... I have to use the phone pin to unblock.Even visited the service center in Banjara Hills, And they told me to recreate the scene, Due to heat I have switch off the device, Fear of It might explode. Later they said to use for another day and visit again. Device still heating up.. same issues, Didn't expect this from a flagship phone with a heavy price....Contacting amazon to return the device\n", '\n"FLAGSHIP KILLER TO FLAGSHIP"UPDATE: Editing the review after using for more than 6 months, haven\'t faced any performance issue so far. Performance is top notch till date & now same device getting sold at 10k discount, so it\'s good buy.----------------------------Planning to buy OnePlus 7 Pro? Here\'s all in one review:Bought OnePlus 7 Pro in first sale, now using it from few days.Yeah! OnePlus 7 Pro priced little high.PRO\'S:- OnePlus 7 Pro\'s DISPLAY looks damn beautiful 😍 with 6.67 inch OLED fluid Amoled 1440p display which has 90 Hz refresh rate.- It comes with pre-applied screen protector.- In display fingerprint sensor is faster than OnePlus 6T.- Warp charger charges very fast, from 0-50 in just 20 minutes.- In Fanatic mode, games can be played butter smooth.- Can shoot video with 4k 30 fps with EIS, 4k 60 fps without EIS.- Cam2api enabled.- Snapdragon 855 gives best performance.- Oxygen OS is BEAST, smooth, bloatware & ad-free, lag free.- UFS 3.0 helps to improve performance.CON\'S:- Though, display looks beautiful with 90 Hz refresh rate, but because of that battery drains much faster, as result give Screen on time 4-5 hours. You can change it to 60 Hz to save battery.- Overpriced.- Camera is not up to mark to call Flagship, it is just AVERAGE. It can\'t even focus on near objects.- Device is heavy.- No IP rating, but according to few, it survives in water as well, but not tested personally 😛.- No wireless charging.- No headphone.FINAL VERDICT:- If OnePlus 7 Pro satisfies your requirement, buy it though it\'s little bit overpriced but still worth it.- If not 7 Pro, Samsung S10+ is also great choice.- Otherwise, if looking for low price phone, Flagship Killer 2.0 coming soon 😜Note: I\'ll update review, after using for few days.\n', "\n\xa0On the first day I am facing issue in setting and it's not opening having issue in WiFi connectivity...any more issue...\n", '\nGood phone. But after paying 52k we expect least a headphones. Ggwp OnePlus. On YouTube while unboxing. They get Bluetooth headphones, car charger, 3 different covers. Really disappointed when I found no headphone in 7pro 8gb RAM 256gb ROM\n', '\nFirst of all i am a die hard fan of one plus.I have one plus 5t one plus 6t and now a one plus 7 pro.Seriously very disappointed with the camera.Before one plus i was a mi fan.I have redmi note 3 and note 7.Selfie camera comparison of op 7 n redmi note 7.Redmi note 7 selfie camera is for better than op 7 pro.Op7 pro selfie camera shows ur face like a skin disease patient.Where as op5t and op6t had no issues like this.For this price range op should have included wireless charging.Waiting for a better camera update.\n', '\nI generally use Apple iphone but this time I tried something different. I completely disappointed by using Oneplus 7 pro camera .iPhone 6 camera is more better than this. OIS and EIS is not working properly. There are so many UI issues as well in Oxygen OS.Phone is quite Bulky and not able to handle by using single hand. I wasted 53k to buy this phone. I never buy any product of OnePlus in future.\n', "\nWhat a gem of a smart device! Absolutely incredible.Bit heavy, and SD 855 keeps rolling as it reduces battery drainage unbelievably, i didn't expect that.And look at the price, Oh ho man...! it helps us saving atleast 20k, you know what i mean...😉\n", "\nHeating as hell, poor battery backup. Camera is not good. And it's heavy. Don't feel effect of Dolby Atmos.Pro- just it's screen.I will update after further usage.Update after 1 week, heating issue gone. Facing WhatsApp and YouTube application's frequent crash. Camera quality is still an issue, it's good but not up to the mark of flagship.Update- pro-1. fingerprint sensor + face unlock is fast.2. night camera is really good3. video recording is stable.con-1. During calls there is a whistling sound.2. sometimes touch is not working properly in whatsapp,vlc, youtube, asphalt 8 etc.3. selfie camera is not upto mark4. phone is hanging after first update.\n", "\nAn absolute fun loving futuristic Beast phone ever made by OnePlus.Thumbs Up👍:1. Fluid Amoled: Top notch quality display similar to Samsung Dynamic Amoled.2. 90Hz Refresh rate: Butter Smooth experience, Best for gaming! 🎳3. Full screen Display:  There is no distractions like notch or pinch hole camera. Breathtaking 😍 Viewing experience with HDR10+.📺4. Triple Camera Setup: Ultra wide(117°)+ Wide + Telephoto.🎥5. Dolby Atmos: Crystal clear Surround sound 🔊6. Popup Camera: Interesting Camera 📷set up which eliminated notch on Display and it is sturdy.7. World's First phone to have UFS 3.0.Thumbs Down:👎1: I felt like screen is too big, it could have been between 6.3 - 6.4 instead of 6.67 inch.2.  Price: I had to pay Rs.16000💰 more Just for full screen Display (UHD+, 90Hz+ Bezelless), 300mAh more battery and for an Extra Telephoto camera.3. Little bit thicker & hefty: 206grams🏋️ compared to OnePlus7 weighing about 182grams.Will update my detailed review on OnePlus 7pro after One Month of usage.\n", '\nI completely Loved the display quality , sound quality , finger print sensor , Pop up camera, wide angle , 3x zoom and night scape camera. I disappointed a bit by not having a 3.5 mm ear phone jack. Coming to the story of battery life one plus 7 pro is 4000 milliamp which is having 9 hrs 45 minutes battery life where as one plus 6t is 3700 milliamp which is having 10 hrs battery life . I was disappointed with this too. I was totally stunned by the speediness of fingerprint sensor absolutely stunned .  I think everything is fine with the New one plus 7 pro and I am absolutely and delightfully enjoying the experience of New one plus 7 pro . Basically I am a movie lover. I am enjoying the HD movies like I am watching in movie theater. Dolby Atmos sound quality adds this phone to become high priority than others .\n', "\nDefinitely worth every single Penny spent on it. The display and performance are absolutely mind blowing. Camera may not be the best but it's still top class. The phone isn't as big as people would think it is. It's actually pretty sleek and feels nice in the hands as it isn't very broad. The battery performance is commendable given the 90hz refresh rate and the QHD display. Would easily last a day on normal usage. Although, Heavy users would require around half an hour of charging. Warp charge is super fast, you won't even realise how quickly your phone charges after you plug it in. Oxygen works buttery smooth and as a first time user of this UI, I'm liking it quite a lot. Gaming is wonderful too, absolutely smooth, beautiful and lag free. The accompanying phone cover is good too, it just gets smudged by finger prints though. As someone who watched reviews of different phones and was well versed with what I was buying, I'm enjoying every second of using this phone.Most of the reviewers here are complaining about not receiving headphones and extra covers and a screen guard with bubbles, it's absolutely absurd. You should atleast look over what you're buying first thoroughly, and any reasonable man would have easily found out what he's get in the box and what he's not getting. These illiterate people buy stuff without knowing anything and then expect candies in the damn box and when they don't get it, write negative reviews which influence other queer buyers. It's highly unfortunate.For all those looking for the best performing Device available right now, go for it, if you can compromise with the headphone jack (get a 3.5mm to c type cable and problem solved). Everything from the looks and feel to the performance of the phone is amazing. You'll feel that you're holding a flagship masterpiece every second you're holding this phone. It's easily the best phone in it's price range hands down.\n", "\nBattery is a weak.. Needs to charge twice a dayAnd apps also keep crashing... In between...Thr is a bug in which lock screen ambient light won't work sumtimes\n", '\nSO this phone is probably the best Android phone till date and even better than ios ehen it comes to camera and speed❤️I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PHONE FROM PAST 2 DAYS FOLLOWING ARE THE PROS-1)NO LAG IN GAMING2) ULTIMATELY FAST CHARGING3) THE EDGES ON SCREEN GIVE PREMIUM FEELING4) DUAL SPEAKERS ARE SERIOUSLY USEFUL5) THE TOUCH AND DISPLAY IS VERY SMOOTH6) CAMERA IS A BEAST BOTH FRONT AND BACK CAMERAFOLLOWING ARE CONS-NONE XD AS A CONCLUSION--THE SPEED IS UNMATCHABLE-IN HAND FEEL IS VERY PREMIUM-CAMERA WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN-WARP CHARGING IS VERY QUICKHOPE THIS HELPS🙂❤️\n', "\nDidn't received Bluetooth headphone and car charger with mobile. As it was told in the launch event that one plus seven will give both these products with package.\n", "\nNeither a flagship phone nor a flagship killer. It's an expensive joke..  Mi note 5 pro camera is far far better than this idot box.  48 MP camera is a joke.  The tech reviewers gave biased reviews. Don't even try to compare with MI note 7 pro 48MP setup.  Nothing in the product will amaze you,  you will end up with a huge disappointment... Ram management is pathetic,  battery is below average.  Go for google pixel rather than this.\n", "\nI didn't believe the reviewers. I bought the phone. And now I don't like any other phones except OnePlus 7 Pro.90Hz - It's madness. Imagine this - Drinking alcohol is injurious to health, but if you drink it you'll feel good. Right? 90Hz would give you the best smartphone experience, but it drains some more battery compared to 60Hz. Moderate drinking is perfectly fine; charging the phone 2 times a day is fine too. (I'm a heavy user)Warp charger - Charges the phone at remarkable speeds. If you're a previous OnePlus user, you won't find much of a difference.Camera - Definitely the best, in accordance with pricing.Everything else - as accurate as in the product description.My favorite retarded reviews :*Someone was upset that he couldn't find a 'OnePlus backpack' and a 'OnePlus water bottle' in the package.*Someone was upset that he found an air bubble under the phone's screen guard.\n", "\nBig issue with touchscreen..when I try n write it starts video call on wattsapp.. I am trying to write a review the page is closing automatically. After spending 50k if you face such issues, it's disappointing.. I don't know if this issue is because I ordered from Amazon.. I will not recommend this phone to anyone.. I want to return this n want a good phone in working condition or else my refund.\n", '\nI was a follower of OnePlus but after this phone I am not going to by OnePlus phones anymore. I got screen burning on multiple spots on this phone.Those people call it a gaming phone & when I play games for couple of hours a day it gets screen burning....so what kind of gaming phone is this.I bought Samsung Tab S6 for gaming....this phone just remain as yet another phone\n', "\nVery disappointed with the product performance and battery life. It's taking more than an hour for full charge in switch off mode and also drains of in just 8 hours. The very new phone started hanging. Is this is what expected from one plus. I need a replace for this phone\n", "\nI was waiting for this now when i have this in my hands it's just awesome, super design, perfect camera like all models of one plus.A phone from flagship killer to flagship.If anyone really looking to have feel of premium phone then go for it.It's been two days i am using this phone and all good till now, battery, display, speed, sound everything is perfect.\n", '\nOnePlus 7pro the best mobile iam using more than 20 mobiles but this mobile is great performance camera performance is the best screen quality is very impressive thanks OnePlus and Amazon ones again\n', "\nOnePlus 6T was among the fastest Android ever and this time OnePlus has truly gone beyond speed to make one of the best phones of 2019.Pros-1. Display. The major pro is the damn smooth 90 Hz refresh rate along with QHD+ screen. It's as smooth as a butter!2. Ram Boost - The phone learns your behaviour like which apps you use most and accordingly allocates ram towards it making the phone even faster.3. Speed. Nothing to say about this. It's blazing fast.4. Warp charging. The phone gets charged upto 50% in about half an hour and completely in about 75 minutes.5. Completely stoked with the battery after a heavy usage of 9.5 hour screen time with playing games for 2 hours and using Netflix for 7 hours in a single charge.Cons-1. Including camera here for the time being until a major update comes our and improves the camera firmware. As of now, not a flagship camera by miles.2. Lack of IP rating, not that it matters to me. The phone's tested enough in water.3. Lack of wireless charging. Again, not felt as a con because of warp charging, but still.Conclusion: If you can wait for a while for the camera to be improved and don't mind the above cons, definitely go for it. Nebula Blue is a beauty!\n", '\nI\'ve been using the phone for a week now and the only thing I hate about this phone is the camera. Dear OnePlus, please sort out this asap. The camera is not what you expect for the price and the image processing is "bitter" this time.Except for that single thing, This phone is the snappiest one yet released in 2019 and they have done no compromise with the display. The 90Hz display is just mind-blowing and I can guarantee you that once you get adjusted to those curved sides of the display, you won\'t take your eyes off it.Then there are some minor bugs which will be sorted out later on with updates. The phone feels great in the hands even though people claims it to be a bit heavier than other flagships. But I personally love the feel of the phone in my hands, it\'s just a solid feel. The buttons are placed perfectly in this phone, you won\'t accidentally hit any buttons on either sides.If you have the money to spend, this is the best choice as of today and if you\'re preferring the best camera phone in a budhet, go for Pixel 3a and if the price is not a problem for you there are several other phones in the market.Don\'t worry about the missing ip rating and the fact that this phone doesn\'t have wireless charging feature, the warp charge doess all justice to you.The fingerprint has improved so much that it\'s almost as fast as a conventional scanner.Yes, you\'re going to miss the face unlock feature. It\'s still there but it\'s not worth your time.So overall, go get this device after keeping this information in mind.There\'s one more thing I noticed in another review here in the Amazon page, that a customer saying that he didn\'t recieve the wireless bullets and two extra cases as seen in many review videos on youtube. Please, those are the review packages that youtubers get to review the phone. The in box contents are clearly given in the description, so please don\'t underrate the phone due to these reasons.Hope you have a great time enjoying this phone. Just go for it.\n', "\nBought on 17th May, worked well for a week, since last 2 days ph not functioning properly, getting hanged. irratic response at time. Can't pick up call , apps switching automatically.Never believe this can happen with  such a brand and such high end Mobile.\n", '\nTouch is not working properly\n', "\nCamera quality is normal,Mobile is more weighted in hands,suddenly my call log didn't work properly,night mode does not looks best as well with slowmotion video in low light is worst.battery is better and also the wrap charger doesn't give us wow experience of we are already using dash chargers. Sound is awesome with dual output speakers top and bottom,Mobile finger print sensor is jaw dropping faster.\n", "\nCamera quality is awful. Not worth buying. Can't even return the product\n", '\nI have tried twice to explain what issues I am facing with this phone but the Amazon call centre are not accepting it. They are just trying to ignore the issues. I want the phone to be replaced at any cost. Other phones which is 7 pro itself which is being charged in 30 mins and my phone is taking more then an hour to charge the phone. batter draines like a China Redmi phone. I am using 5T OnePlus which is getting fast charging then this pro phone and battery is not drained at all. This phone gets more then an hour plus the phone is getting HEATED ALOT WHILE CHARGING AND WHILE THE BATTERY BEING USED IN APPLICATION LIKE WHATSAPP. BATTERY GETS BADLY DRAINED AND ITS ALSO GETTING HEATED UP WHILE USING APPLICATION. THE APPLICATION WHICH AMAZON ASKED ME TO INSTALL I INSTALLED AND I SAW ITS RATING ON PLAYSTORE. PEOPLE ARE YELLING ON THE APPLICATION WHICH IS BEING USED TO CHECK THE PHONE the BLANCCO. I am seriously not interested in using this phone. REFUND ME MY MONEY BACK OR ELSE SEND A NEW PHONE TO ME. AMAZON PEOPLE ARE FOOLISHLY TELLING ME TO USE THE PHONE ON POWER SAVING MODE. I AM NOT AT ALL A FOOL TO SPEND 53000 FOR SUCH HEATED UP PHONE. REPLACE THE PHONE OR ELSE GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK. I AM WRITING THIS WITHIN THE PERIOD TO REPLACEMENT AND I HAVE TRIED THE CALL CENTRE TWICE. REPLACE ME THE PHONE WITH NEW ONE OR ELSE SEND ME MY MONEY BACK.\n', '\nUpgraded from my OnePlus 6 just a few days back after using OnePlus 6 for about 10 months or so.Initial observation :1. QHD screen is just gorgeous with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. No notch whatsoever.3. Near Stock Android experience.4. OP is great in pushing updates regularly which is a rare thing even with Samsung\'s flagship phones.Pro\'s :1.  QHD screen is just gorgeous with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. Near Stock Android experience with some very useful features like screen recorder, ability to switch between QHD & FHD+, etc3. Fast Charging (coutsey OPPO\'s VOOC Charge 3).4. Good ROM options.5. ZEN mode to log you out of the smartphone for 20 minutes.6. Full screen without a notch makes video streaming a great experience.7. Apps open fast, really fast.8. Pop Up camera is really fast during face recognition. Many times you may not even notice that the POP UP camera really came out of the slot retracted. It\'s that fast.CON\'s :1. Battery drain gets hampered if you run it in QHD with 90 Hz refresh rate.2. Camera is not up to the mark as compared to OnePlus 6 apart from the options of wide angle. (maybe software update will improve its usability, perticularly while shooting videos in wide angle).3 Camera clicks 12 MP shots in default mode. Night mode is so-so but don\'t compare it with Pixel 3, Pixel 3XL or even with Pixel 3a XL. Pixel is way ahead in terms of resolution perticularly in night mode.4. Day time photos are much better when compared to OnePlus 6 perticularly where good light is not an issue. Photography during "conference" might be tricky. This is where Pixel will overshadow all other smartphones.5. This is a big phone in the territory of a tablet. Handling it might be a bit difficult for some. Single hand use is not advisable.Will update after a few more days of use.UPDATE AFTER A FEW MORE DAYS OF USAGE :Most of the users of OnePlus 7 Pro (as per the reviews) would be happy with budget handset like Redmi or Realme as they are either using OnePlus 7 Pro for the sake of it or to play games. Whether your handset has 2GB RAM free or not has nothing to do with the performance. What makes a difference is the availability of RAM for a perticular task. RAM management is very good like all the previous OnePlus devices.IPhone XS Max also doesn\'t give a headset or even a dongle to use it with 3.5 mm headphone jack but people do buy iPhone without thinking twice. Iphone doesn\'t even give fast charging brick in the box. When people can spend a lack of rupees for a brand why complain about OnePlus 7 Pro.Call quality of OP 7 Pro is good. Even video calling over Whatsapp and Skype is good.It\'s a pleasure using OnePlus 7 Pro for creating Word documents, PPT\'s, Excel Sheets on the go. These apps use a lot of battery and RAM. Adobe Reader is just fluid. RAM management while using these apps and switching between them is just beautiful and seamless.Will update after a few more days......As expected, OnePlus released an update on the general performance and camera issue.Camera quality is quite subjective and uncontrollable since everyone can capture an awful photo in a random scenario. Even though the photo is not quite bad technically, there is always someone giving negative opinion only for the reason that he likes more appealing photo style. Every time when there is a photo sent to us due to negative feedback, our engineers are requested to find the same light condition and object of same color and texture to simulate the photo in order to reproduce the same problem. You can imagine the time and workload needed for fixing every single problem, not to mention the dozens of photos we got from all over the world everyday. We hope you guys could understand and allow us more time keep working on the camera.ONEPLUS COMMUNITY LISTENS....\n', '\nThere are air bobbles on the screen , request has been placed for return, let see what they would suggest\n', "\nPlease don't buy it now, it is not picking up the network time. Maybe a software issue and Amazon would be sending a technician today but they wouldn't replace or refund it.\n", "\nBrought a phone @53K it's Heats a lot.....even in normal use it's become 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 .... There's no option for return Amazon... Say download the app n that app is completely useless it shows 42° as normal temperature really disappoint  one should go with another brand Google pixel or iPhone\n", '\ndisplay- 5 starlook- 4 starprocessor- no need to be ratedbattery- 4 star. more thn my expectations at qhd nd 90hzgood sound not one of d best stereo speakers\n', "\nAmazing phone I have never given reviews about anything on internet but after reading some bad comments insisted me to write one good comment. Guys don't know people are mad or there luck is too bad that they have received some dabba but in one line I can garrentee you .... That u can't find better phone then this. I have used iPhone Samsung Sony Nokia redmi oppo but after using  one plus specially 7 pro I can't think I would buy some other phone.Best of the best\n", "\nGood and awesome experience in one plus 7 proGood battery lifeGood cameraGood for pubgBig screen and sound quality is also goodWorking in good condition let's see... I used this almost 10 days suddenly my wake screen and double tap to wake the screen is not working properly\n", "\nGot it in a day, and have been using it for a day, till now the experience is quite good, here are the pros and cons I noticed-Pros-1. The display is absolutely amazing 90Hz refresh rate makes everything make more fluid, plus the HDR support is a good feature since they are tying up with Netflix to bring HDR content, although some apps have not used the curves at top and bottom of the screen properly.2. The phone is fast and I mean damn fast, thanks to the Qualcomm SD 855.3. Battery life lasts about a day with medium use, with heavy use with QHD and 90Hz kept on, the battery drains fast. But  with the WRAP30 charger it charges pretty fast.4. The UFS3.0 storage is very fast.5. The phone design looks good, one of the best looking smartphones with a glass back.Cons-1. The biggest con is it has no headphone jack AND no USB-C to 3.5mm converter or USB-C headphone is provided with this, so you have to shell out extra bucks for that.2. The upcoming OnePlus 7 still has SD855 and 48MP processor, although it costs about 32999.3. The camera is nothing unique for a flagship, but still captures good photo even in lowlight.4. No wireless charging.5. No official water proof rating.6. It's very slippery due to the glass back, so if you've tendency of dropping phones definitely get a cover. Although finger smudges are easy to clean on it unlike the Google Pixel.Over all it's great phone and one can go for it.\n", '\nReview after a week of using:Display:It\'s as good as it gets. Super AMOLED with 90Hz refresh rate. The colours are vivid and contents are crisp, also, with the video enhancement ratio turned on, the contrast ratio is really kicking in. However, you do not get a Samsung or Apple level display but at this price point, this is a steal.Display Rating - 9/10.Sound:Dolby Atmos gives you the stereo sound that OnePlus has promised and it makes you feel immersed in whatever video you\'re watching or game you\'re playing with addition to the full screen display. However, it\'s not the best sound I\'ve heard on a phone, but it\'s much better than a lot of phones. And also, it doesn\'t have "equal" amplitude of sound coming out of both speakers. The bottom one is more powerful, probably because it\'s the main speaker for ringtones. Overall, it\'s a good speaker for normal users, for audiophiles - not so great.Sound rating - 8/10Camera:When I first turned the camera on, my mind was blown, probably because of the cheerleading effect of the high quality AMOLED display, but even so, it put up competition with devices that took photo with Google Camera Mod or even the Google Pixel\'s camera as well. In some cases it was great, in some it was lacking. Overall, the dynamic range is great but not the best. The colours are more true to life, and in the normal / auto camera mode it offers an image of size 12MP. True 48MP images can be taken with the pro mode, and if you can set your camera up properly, you can take amazing photos of the milky way and stars, so it\'s a powerful camera. The Ultra-Wide camera needs some work done as the details look washed out on the pictures taken Ultra-Wide angle lens. The telephoto lens does its job well up to 3x zoom, but it does produce a tad bit of noise. And the night mode is especially good, it preserves the highlights and details and also lightens up the shadows during very challenging conditions. Amazing night mode. And as for selfies, yes, it\'s amazing, offering upto 16MP including the precise edge detection in portrait mode of both the back and front, the cameras are great. The OnePlus 7 Pro offers video recording of upto 4K 60FPS which is great and offers slow mo video of upto 240fps in 720p. However, there was a really annoying little problem, which was shutter lag, that\'s probably because of the software and I hope OnePlus improves that. Otherwise some pictures might be ruined because of it. Overall the camera is decent, and not the best.Camera Rating: 8/10Fingerprint Scanner: Even though it\'s an optical image fingerprint sensor in the age of newly invented ultrasonic fingerprint scanner, it\'s fast. Not as much as the physical ones but it\'s definitely the fastest optical fingerprint sensor I\'ve ever used. And the animation looks cool.Fingerprint scanner rating: 9/10UI: OxygenOS is the best UI you can get from a company. It is definitely smooth, fast and easy to use and doesn\'t look like a bootleg Android and at least it doesn\'t annoy people with bloatwares and advertisements in the utility apps. It has a lot of features and is highly customizable.UI Rating: 10/10Build: As much sexy as it looks, the OnePlus 7 Pro is fragile if it falls from your hands. Although glass looks premium and feels premium, I\'d rather prefer a metal aluminium body. However, with the addition of curved display, a mechanical camera and the glass back, I\'m in love with the design. It is definitely one of it\'s major selling points. The only other con is the lack of headphone jack, but it would have been consider if OnePlus would have at least included a pair of type-C headphones or at least a type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack converter. Keep up the good work, OnePlus!Build rating: 8/10Hardware: The OnePlus 7 Pro rocks a Snapdragon 855 chipset with Adreno 640, and everything you run on this device from games to Antutu 3D benchmarks, everything runs as smooth as butter with no fps drop or stuttering whatsoever, and doesn\'t heat up very much as well. However it still doesn\'t surpass a lot of phones if you match the scores.Hardware rating: 9/10In the Box content: In the box you get a 30W Warp Charge supported charging block with cool red type C cable to charge your phone, a flexible rubber case which is a good addition, some papers with a letter from Pete Lau but unfortunately not type-C to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter or type-C headphones. Huge disappointment.In the Box contents rating: 7/10So overall, we can conclude the OnePlus 7 Pro is a fantastic device but the price could have been at least 3K INR less, even after considering the lack of headphones or the converter, and to retain its title of "Flagship Killer". Unfortunately, OnePlus has lost it.Overall Rating: 8.5/10\n', "\nI love itI got a screen on time of 6hrs in my first charge itself, battery life will only improve from here and my other concern was the camera, I was pleasantly surprised here it's a good camera but you have to adjust your expectations it's not pixel or p30pro good, in good light you can take some very detailed images , everything else it just works and it's no small thing , the whole experience of using this phone feels refined. I'll list out some pros and cons as wellPros1. Display is awesome and the curve is not bothering me at all2. The speakers get plenty loud and sound pretty good for a smartphone speaker3. It didn't feel too heavy to me and I enjoy the big display4. Charging is really fast and so is the UI5. Main cameraCons1.Could have priced it a bit more competitively\n", '\nWas one of the first people to order on Amazon. Upgraded from OP6 and there is a few things for which I believe upgrading was worth all money. First, the "fluid amoled" display with 90hz refresh rate.. I tell you, if you are a gamer, you will never use a 60HZ display again. The new stereo system and the vibrating motors are good. My biggest concern is the curved display which looks nice but prone to damage. Moreover, if you play PUBG and other such games and use claw setup, the edges may be a problem and you\'ll need quite some time to adjust. Another concern is, I did not receive a splitter or headphone adapter with my box... No one wants to use a 3rd party splitter with this phone because I don\'t believe there\'s any available on the market which can handle their wrap charger. The splitter will cost around 400 INR which is OK, but them not including as a part of the box is an indication that one plus is going through a phase of transition from being a customer oriented brand towards an authoritarian like the big players(Samsung, apple etc.) I fear op7 pro is the last phone from them I\'ll be able to buy :(\n', "\nOrdered this on 16th and got it 20th. Don't know why??This phone doesn't have headphone Jacks but it's a Bluetooth one. Oneplus should have provided it but they haven't. But on unboxing vedio which are available shows they provide 2 covers n Bluetooth headset as well. Nothing phadu is available in this phone. If you want then u can opt for something else.Apart from this, phone is almost like 6t but yes no lags at all. Average quality camera, good selfies. Gaming is cool.I like it because it is so smooth but not worth of 52k.\n", '\nEverything was cool but felt missing abt in box accessories could have provided type c to 3.5mm converter along in the box\n', '\nlate Sound problem while pubg  using wireless earphonesNot problem in one plus 6t..\n', '\nBattery life is worst , worst.Edit. It improved a lot due to software releases\n', "\nOkay, so I will get straight to the pros and cons of this phone. I upgraded from 6T and let me share how well it stood up to my expectations in almost every aspect. My review will contain overall and a camparison with 6T.Pros1. Best display ever in a smartphone no doubt. 90hzQuad HD+ display seriously spoila you to an extent that you no longer wish to go back to 60hz.2. Build quality is purely flagship. It looks way beautiful than one plus 6T and it does feels super premium.3. Stereo speakers are a game changer. Loud and crisp noise as compared to one plus 6T and is definitely a demanding feature in a flagship.4. 30 watt WARP charge is a cherry on top. I had no complaint with Dash charge and it makes my experience even more better with Warp charge.5. Camera is very good as compared to one plus 6T and trust me, it won't let you down. Camera on 6T was just a crap.6. You don't have to even consider about performance as you know what one plus is famous for.7. I love the new vibration Moto and heptic feedback.Cons1. Battery backup is fine. For me it last for a day but considering the display, yes it may not perform well up to expectations of some people but trust me it's absolutely fine for a normal day usage.P.S. : for some peoywho are complaining that display color is not good as compared to s10+. Here is one suggestion guys. Just go to settings and adjust the display colors to AMOLED wide gamut. I can assure that the color accuracy will be exactly the same as that of s10+. I compared them side by side and found them exactly the same.Thanks and have a nice time with your One Plus 7 pro\n", "\nSettings are not working quick gestures features are not working ambient display features not workingFor replace no appointments are available  according to warp charger phone doesn't gets charged in 20minutes\n", "\nI was an apple fanboy since 2007. I had used every iPhone that got released in the market till iPhone X (not iPhone XS).  Since I got bored with the same OS for so many number of years, one fine day I decided to try android (keeping aside my ethical reservations about it, since it was an stolen OS as per late Steve Jobs)  and bought an Android AMOLED Phone (to test whether I can thrive on android eco system) which had an on screen finger print scanner.  Strangely, I started liking that android phone  since it had an iOS feel and used it for more  than 6 months.By then I was quite confident that I can rely on an android phone without any regrets and started looking for a flagship phone that can match to iPhone, in terms of Overall User Experience. While Galaxy S10 was one of the obvious choice, I was some how not happy with it(may be due to Apple Vs Samsung Long term dispute) , but  then  the OPP7 got released. :-)I waited and bought 12GB RAM+256GB Storage Phone on Amazon. Before I bought this phone I had read through many reviews online and got really worried about issues posted about this phone,  like ghost display, Mediocre Camera, bad call quality etc etc. Also many reviews for this phone on the  Amazon ltself was not good.  Still I stuck to my decision of buying this phone and let me tell you that I am extremely proud of my decision.Once I got this phone then it simply turned out to be an outstanding phone and completely changed my perceptions about stock android experience. Now I would want to say that it is one of the best phones in the market. While there are many good features as well few shortfalls on this phone,  end of the day the overall user experience is something that I liked utmost.My key take aways about the phone are- I am awestruck with the edge to edge, QHD AMOLED Display with 90 Hz refresh rates and the curved display. You can view everything at  best on this phone.- 12 Gigs RAM keeps the phone blazing fast on all the games I downloaded, of course Snapdragon 855 is an extremely efficient CPU.- Camera: While this was one of the concerns reported utmost by all in the reviews, with the latest software update I would want to say that I could make great photographs with both  48 pixel normal camera as well as with the pop-up Front facing camera. I simply loved the pictures I took on this phone and I am quite confident that it matches to the quality of iPXs Max even at the low light conditions (ensure for latest software updates). The 4k Video captures are great delight.- Warp charge: Can't belive that it took less than hour to charge my phone from less than 5 to 100 %. I have to say Kudos.- Oxygen OS: Simply minimalistic, yet very beautiful. One Plus team has paid every attention to the detail in building this OS. All my need for using a Gesture based OS is completely taken care.- Speakers: Great Stereo speaker alignment with Dolby Atmos experience. While it sounds great, I would want to say that it is not the best audio experience. However there are no regrets.- Build Quality: Overall build quality is absolute wonderful. I loved that buttery touch whether on the screen or on the back.- Weight: That 206 gm of weight in the hand made me to feel that it is a worthy and reliable phone and not just another one of the bunch in the market.- Pre-applied screen guard: Very Happy about it. At least it is not tamper prone out of box. Same logic for the free case that ensures that my device is safe, atleast initially.- Size: While I have seen many complaints about the giagantic size of this phone, my take on it is that it is simply fine. After all for the greater user experience we do need a good screen size phone.- Notifications: Let me tell you that I am extremely particular about the efficiency of notifications from SMS and Whatsapp messages. While my earlier android phone is not efficient as iPhone in this aspect, OP7P had ensured this to me. Very greatful!!Area of Improvements- Battery life: Unless we are concious about managing battery life, it may not lost long especially with the 90 Hz screen refresh rates- No Wireless Charging: Personally I damn care about it. I never used that feature in my iPhone X. But still a drawback.- No Headphone: Exactly same as above. Something not worry much with many bluetooth headphone options. I have paired my Airpod and it works simply great.- No IP Rating: I am very much sure that this phone is splash resistant as well  water resistant for minimal time and I am extremely happy with it. After all I am not a professional swimmer with the intent to use this phone underwater. (with all due respect to the swimmmers)Few aspects about my purchase from Amazon:- Concept of guaranteed price for phones from Amazon was very useful for me. I exchanged my recently bought first android phone and got a good value for exchange- Interest free EMI and discount on my SBI card made me to feel happy- Almost same day delivery of the phone. What else I can ask for.Finally I would want to say that I am not paid by any one (especially by OPO) to write this review but it is an honest user experience by a tech enthusiast.  Still, for any questions, please feel free to write a reply to this post and I will try to respond it asap.\n", '\nMy wait for this phone is finally over. Received the phone in good condition. OnePlus7 pro has a Beautiful large screen resolution, great camera and incredible processor speed... Also a bigger battery backup with warp charge.\n', '\nAmazing job OnePlus ..... An excellent phone with no bezels and the amazing screen that is smooth to work with .....Amazon thanks for delivering my phone overnight as that was some speedy work ..\n', '\n\xa01) No wireless headset provided,2) Very poor slow motion recording.it keeps on flickering even after recording.No support from Amazon team.\n', "\nHi Team,I would like to bring this to your attention that the warp charger is charging really slow and not at all upto the mark. I am not sure if it has been changed during delivery or it was packaged like that. Although I am really happy with the phone's performance and battery life however the charger is not upto the mark. I charged my phone with my sister's dash charger and it charged my phone almost 3 times faster than warp charger.If possible, please pass it to the oneplus team or look into the delivery process.Thanks & Regards,Sahban khan\n", '\nMacro mode ?\n', '\nGreat choice over S10 Plus.Amazing display and smooth experience with 90Hz refresh rate, which can only be experience while using.Battery gives more than 4 Hours of screen time with 90Hz.Superfast charging with WARP charger.Extremely fast and no log switching between apps and playing games.Outstanding camera which clicks quite decent pics in both day and night.Overall best phone from OnePlus till now. Worth purchase with no cons.\n', '\nWorst phone not worth buying. Very bad launched by OnePlus..... Facing ghost issues and Amazon not taking it bay\n', "\nOverall it's a average mobile,, not any special than 6t. I have got a damaged piece.. never expected this from amazon\n", '\nThere is no filter option in camera, even camera quality is really bad, night light camera is disaster. Phone speed is fine, battery not that strong.\n', '\nSlightly heavy to carry.. great buy with top of the line specifications.. excellent camera.. found it a bit slower than one plus 6 I used... perhaps improve with updates and AI..\n', '\nThe phone is great in terms of speed and smoothness but there is no headphone with the phone.- not even an adapter to use my old earphoneAfter spending 50K,I am unable to listen music with my phoneScreen and touch is awesomeSpeed is fastCamera is superbSound quality is good on speakerThere is little problem to listen directly from phone during call as there is full screen instead of earphoneIn this price range we expect it to be bit more - at least a decent earphone should have been added\n', "\nScreen is good. Camera is just ok. Fingerprint scanner is bad. Heating too much. No earphone, no 3.5 adaptor. Overall waste of money. Can't expect such bad performance from one plus. They have started cheating customers. This is not at all a flagship phone\n", "\nFirst of all i would like to thank Amazon for delivering the product right on time 5 out of 5.Now coming to the phone - This one is a beauty and the beast all together.Display - 10 out of 10Software - 9/10Build - 9/10Battery - 8/10Camera- 9/10Gaming - 10/10Premiumness - 10/10Value for money - 8/10The best flagship right now in the market.Now what i didn't like1. No earphones provided bcos for 50k phone earphones should y provided.2. A rugged protective case would have been welcome3. No type C converter provided.4. Battery life is average but fast charger makes life easy.\n", "\nDear Mr Bezos,I am writing this in grief that the product which I received is malfunction and I tried to return this product on day 2 of me buying it , but as per your amazon policy money was not refundable . Is it good to take people hard earned money and become rich with all this schemes , before amazon was never like this . You can check call records even I have contacted your company executives not once but twice. Days passed and it the 16th day of this phone the phone has an issue as when I using an app like watsapp while texting it opens the profile of the person whom I am texting , plus it opens up the the other app . I don't know what problem is this . I urged your executive even that mamm I don't require the money , I would be ordering iPhone XR but then also she said a clear no . Experience WD one plus flagship phone is getting pathetic with every passing day.Regards,A genuine customer who has been using Amazon to buy online product always but this experience made me felt disgusted and pathetic.\n", '\nI have received a handset with a faulty mic, as soon as i m on call the person on the other hand seems to have disturbance in the voice call this happen when i m on mic as soonnas i switch to speakers it vanishes and everything works fine but the thing is i have purcahsed a phone to make a normal call not speaker call. I have been to the service store they said take the back up of the phone and hand over to us. It means that ordering the device early is stupidity. Now it can happen they will open the phone and the water proof pressure will be damaged, not happy at all.\n', '\nGot my hands on the first prime day sale and arrived two days later.This phone is a fresh breath of air the. The OS is silky smooth  and no lag whatsoever . One plus did an excellent job with their oxygen OS with great optimization . The 90 Hz display makes the experience much more better . You can change it to typical 60 Hz for a long lasting battery hours but who cares when you have a 90hz display. Browsing and scrolling is super smooth and playing games is a bliss thanks to the snapdragon 855 SoC . Been using it for the past two days and the battery life is good . Gets you throughout the day without excessive game play sessions and the latest UFS 3.0 provides blazing fast data transfer.  I get an average of 8 hr of screen on time with full charge and speaking of charging the latest warp charge charges the device from 40 to 100 in around 25 minutes which is fast. I am happy with the device as it is my first one plus device . Looking forward to using it for more than 2 years.\n', '\nA great premium flagship smartphone.Pros:👉The Display👉Snappy UI Interface👉Oxygen OS (FASTER UPDATES)👉An above average camera( can be better with G-cam mod and future updates )👉Vibration hapitc motor feels more premiumCons👉A bit pricy , but that display !👉Prone to damages can be solved by buying a case👉No wireless charging but you do get a 30W charger👉No ip water resistant although it is water proof check YouTube videos for water tests Op7pro.\n', "\nI just upgraded from OnePlus 5tDisplay- the best display on any smartphone!I saw the good reviews on this mobile's display but damn! I didn't expect it to be this good!, I have a S10 in my home for comparison and I can surely say this is as good as Samsung'sBuild- I waited for nebula blue and it's worth the wait! It looks awesome, build quality is excellent but a bit hefty but manageable and u will get used to it in one dayCamera- this is the main part, I don't know whether it's due to my low expectations on camera due to all the negativity but I'm genuinely surprised with the camera, even for this I compared it with S10 and it's pretty close to S10, low light photography is a major improvement and it's on par with S10 which is considered as best in low light other than HuaweiSo don't believe all the negativity, I wonder people who are putting negative review are using DSLR for their daily photo needs.. the only negative would be the wide angle lens is not upto the mark and the one on S10 is way betterVery happy with the camera..Battery- way better than my 5t and easily getting upto 7hrs of screen on time with moderate to heavy usage and warp charge is the best!Performance- no need to say specially about performance coz it's OnePlus!855 with 90hz display, the fastest phone in the world!Others- call quality excellent, sound output via Bluetooth excellent, fingerprint sensor excellent, vibration feedback excellent, no ip rating but totally waterproof.Overall an excellent package and it's worth the premium price!Important note: 3x telephoto lens will not be active if the object is at less than 50cm distance from the lens and in very low light scenarios in such cases the main sensor is used for zoom for better quality...\n", "\nThis is my first ever Android phone, after being an iPhone user for over a decade. The device is superb and fast. Apps work like breeze and overall, Oxygen OS feels clean and fast like iOS. There are several stability issues that I've seen. Most notably, things like the fingerprint scanner do not always work as expected, the double tap feature doesn't always work and the curvature of the screen leads to unwanted taps. The 48Mp camera is pretty good indeed however, I've noticed an occasional focusing issue that prevents the camera from focussing correctly under certain conditions.But I guess Android phones are never perfect simply because their software is not particularly built for the hardware. So, I'm pretty cool with these issues so far, unless something escalates further. Overall, I'm very impressed by the device. Its well built, charges quickly, takes good photos, sounds well and performs well.What I'm more interested in seeing are these minor glitches go away with OTA updates as is popular in the OnePlus community. Apple has never been very responsive to minor complaints and their updates take ages to appear. OnePlus, from what I've heard is very responsive to customer complaints and I'm hoping things become better with upcoming updates.Till then I'm finding 1 - 2 star reviews on Amazon really amusing with people reporting things like a missing screen cleaning cloth, wireless headphones. Get a life people, and buy these on your own.\n", '\nOne plus 7 pro is an awesome phone no doubts.I am a very strong Apple fan, still i used 99% apple products.I have iphone too, but openly say compare to one plus 7 pro, i phone is nothing.Superb camera,superb perfomance.8 gb ram and 256 gb storage capacity around 52, 000/-.Both front and back cameras are awesome.Good phone for gaming people also.Good wide display.Good sound quality.Superb design.No doubts this is best phone in market now.One plus have good brand name too.What I dislike is 1.) Little over weight. 2.)Battery life not that much better.(One day average)3)No headphone Jacket or head phone with this phone.All other features are superb, inbuilt call record, app lock etc etc.\n', "\nI am writing the review after using the product for one week.1. Display & Hardware : That's probably the first thing you'll notice about the phone. There is a massive 6.67-inch screen. (too much for me). The design is rich and lusturous.There is an anti-glare coating at the back which gives a matte-like finish. The all-screen design makes the display amazing. Also, it is the first phone of the brand to offer Quad HD+ Fluid AMOLED panel. And most importantly, the screen is curved on both edges (like recent Samsung flagships).What makes the phone truly stand out is the 90Hz refresh rate. The display is also rated for HDR10+2. Camera : There's a primary 48MP f/1.6 camera backed by an 8MP telephoto lens and 16MP wide-angle shooter.The wide-angle lens offers a 117-degree field of view, and the 8MP telephoto delivers 3x optical zoom. And it is just amazing!! The camera is works amazing in daylight conditions. The night-mode is also good, but don't expect it to compete the Pixel 3 and galaxy S10s. Also, the pop up camera is an amazing addon!!3. Software : You really don't need the review for that.But few good things are- native screen recorder, OxygenOS 9.5, Fnatic Mode and Sen mode.4. Processing : The device is fast, really fast. From face recognition to 90Hz display to OxygenOS' clean interface. It is the fastest device I've ever used. (8/256 Version)5. Battery Life : The OnePlus 7 Pro has a 4000mAh battery, but because of the 90Hz display, I struggled to last it for a day. also, the  Warp Charge delivers a 30W charge. You'll be able to charge from 0-50% in just over 20 minutes, and up to 50% in 30 minutes while gaming.6. Weight : The large screen and the 4000 mAh battery leads to 206g weight. The OnePlus 7 Pro feels too top-heavy, and that makes the device unwieldy.7. Major Cons- too heavy, massive screen, no earphones included (paying 53k, I expected earphones), night mode camera is fairly average, no wireless charging, No IP rating , No 3.5 mm jack.Final verdict - I am postively biased for OnePlus always. But yes, since the price range has moved significantly, the expectations from the device have been significantly increased as well. Still this is one of the most ambitious phones, I've ever used. So, please go and buy it!.P.S. Personal review!\n", "\nLoved itI liked everything in this mobileIt is smooth, fast, powerfulThe latest Oxygen OS.ALL ARE SUPERI liked very much is it's PREMIUM DISPLAY.....You feel yourself as superior.1+ is a brand that no one can beat or at least touch.Some rival companies are saying that flagship killer is coming but I would say you can never beat a Oxygen OS......If you are affordable for this just blindly go for the pro .......Even if you feel it as expensive, gather money & definitely go for this.There are some minor quality issues with cameraBut surely by the time you read this review 1+ would have definitely posted an update and fixed those small things🙂.........Never compare 1+ with other brands they are not even worth to sit beside 1+.........You definitely get these thoughts like me after having this phone in your hands............Feel free to ask your queries .......\n", "\nI felt bad only on one thing regarding the delivery of the product..I ordered the product on 16th May in early sale for prime members and it was supposed to be deliver on next day 17th May 2019 before 9 pm. But I recieved the product in Monday 20th May only..it was such a very bad experience with Amazon Becz even though I was a prime customer I recieved the product very late.. I raised many issues and complaints within that date to get the product on time. I felt very bad about the delivery service of Amazon team..Note regarding the beast and flagship of 2K19.. we happy to buy one plus product again. I was already using one plus 6 for the last 8 months. Always the one plus is so fast and good in performance and built quality. The same and with more performance and balanced Battery back up in the new one plus 7 pro. The box itself was awesome. The phone build quality is remarkable. The display is the main highlight of the product such an awesome clarity and movie experience on the phone. The fast movement with 90hz is really awesome. Felt like new whenever I use the phone. Camera quality has been improved a lot. Day time the photos are awesome and the new nightscape is also good .. The front camera is better and fast. Overall I can give 8.5/10 for camera Becz there is still some lag in picture quality and the contrast of colours while taking a picture when compared to other flagship mobiles. Next the most fastest indisplay finger print is speechless.. no lag or no delay even in extreme dark.. happy that the one plus products are always awesome and they are continuously improving the products. The battery was little bit okay for me im getting just 5 hours of screen time only. But I Hope that the upcoming updates will improve the battery life. So I can give 8/10 for battery and 10/10 for performance. The animation is also awesome whenever we open the phone through finger print the live wallpaper is remarkable. Overall I'm very much happy to buy this awesome product only I felt little bad about the price and there was no connector for earphones. The price is not too high but I expected little less. Anyways this is the new beast of 2K19. Since I won't be playing that much games so I bought 6gb variant Becz last time I bought 8gb variant it will be even more faster but drains the battery fastly. So I decided to go on with 6gb. I recommend everyone to buy this flagship killer and those who will use the phone for more personal and normal use they can easily go with 6gb variant\n", "\nI received a faulty phone, network and WiFi connection goes on and off automatically. And When I called Amazon they said first their technician will check in next 3 days and after that replacement process will go on till that I have to wait, don't knw how long it going to take 😠😠😠I used it for two days and noticably Battery and camera performance is poor not a flagship level of course.\n", "\nFastest Android phone on Earth!Samsung, Redmi, Apple, etc etc... Beware guys!Superb Amazon delivery services.Pros1. Lightening speed2. Good battery backup, moreover least charging time 50% in less than 25 minutes3. Good camera, specially nightmode and normal 4k videos4. Wide amoled screen, superb screen refresh rate, it's becomes a pleasure to watch videos using every mm of the screen since it is notchless5. Oxygen os is just awesome.6. Price - I cannot just praise a phone with these many features and then cry for high price. It is still way cheaper than Samsung Galaxy flagship phonesCons1. Camera in portrait mode isn't that sharp.2. I am not exactly aware of how the liquid cooling system works. Phone got hot a couple of times. But bearable heating.3. The curved screen isn't of any use. So no idea why OP has done this. Though the phone looks premium with it.4. No 3.5 jack. The only genuine complaint I have. I tried hard to find a good quality type c-3.5 mm connector. Otherwise one will always rely on Bluetooth headphones.Overall, a phone worthy of praise and purchase.\n", '\nHighly over priced\n', "\nIt's a great device I have been using it for a month now... believe me it's completely value for money...it's super snappy buttery smooth...yes it's a little heavier than usual...and battery life is not that good but why complain when u have warp charge it charges you device hell fast...and honestly u will get 24 hours of average battery life...it's great for gaming no heating issue pubg runs at highest graphics...and believe me 90hz refresh rate makes the gaming scrolling supper smooth...the display is great I'd say it's one of the best in the business 😁...AND PEOPLE U WON'T GET EARPHONES AND CAR WARP CHARGER WITH THIS AS SHOWN IN YOUTUBE THOSE ARE CREATOR'S BOX THEY ARE ONLY SENT TO BIG CONTENT CREATORS...yes they should have provided a 3.5mm to USB c connector but I bought a OnePlus bullet wired and it's fine u can also buy 3.5mm to USB c convertor from OnePlus official site it costs around 400rs...the fingerprint reader works great..THE CAMERA QUALITY WAS NOT GOOD AT 1ST BUT AFTER 2 UPDATES ITS GREAT...ITS ALSO SPLASH RESISTANT... maximum people are reviewing this after 2-3 days of use but the phone deserves 4 stars....watch YouTube reviewers like MKBHD, Dev2d, unbox therepy...AND OXYGEN OS IS CLOSE TO STOCK ANDROID AND NO BLOATWARE IS LOADED IT WILL WORKTHE SAME SNAPPY AND SMOOTH EVEN AFTER 2-5 YEARS...the pop up camera has free fall detection which is great it closes once the phone slips from your hand...it's has UFS 3.0 storage the first in the world which makes it faster than all the phones and games also load super fast...it also contains first FLUID AMOLED DISPLAY...JUST BUY IT... IT'S GREAT PHONE.. THANK YOU\n", "\nI'm using this phone since past 3 days. So, here goes:1. Great display. The curved edges and no-notch display is a great head turner. The large screen makes browsing a great experience.2. Smooth UI. No bloatware whatsoever. No nagging notifications. Very smooth and highly customizable UI.3. Decent Camera. I am not much of a shutterbug. But the snaps I clicked were fantastic. Maybe photography enthusiasts will be able to give a better review on this aspect.4. Nice battery life. Easily lasted 1 and a half day with full charge. And the warp charge is a beaut.5. A little heavy. But we can get used to it.\n", '\nAwesome premium end deviceNot for everyoneProsDisplay is the standout feature,better than my ipad2018, better than s10 plus at affordable pricePhone is sleekTriple camera just take beautiful picturesFront pop is the next gen camera for full screenCharging is faster than dash charging omgLooks 100/100Must buy good cover phone is slipperyPop camera has free fall detection n works excellentIts a big 6.67 phone not for small hand usersIts touch ,day to day use  is so fast,smooth and responsive thank you once again for your new deviceTrue oneplus fan ,and proud owner of OnePlusCons :Nothing much as of now will update review after monthPhone has outplayed samsung and close to apple but half the price of apple\n', '\n24x7 mobile is very hot.cant even hold in handAlso battery dries very fast\n', '\n1st biggest problem- FINGER PRINT SCANNER - my friend can open this phone by using his finger print with registering his fingerprint in this phone ...not even one time..more than 10 times he opened infornt of me...which is unexpected...we are using our finger print for all type of transaction....this type of security glith is not acceptable from oneplus(flagship killer).2nd issue- 90HZ DISPLAY- not worth...display flickers sometime after changing to 90hz...in this 8 days more than 15 times i faced hanging/lagging  issue.3rd issue- AUTO BRIGHTNESS  is not at all working properly.4th issue- this type of CAMERA u can get in 15k phones.5th issue- SCRREN GUARD- After paying 53k ,i didnt expect this type of screen guard...in 2 days,it came out.PHONE IS SO BIG AND HEAVY....53K Iz too much for this type of family.\n', '\nAmazing phone with lots of improvement over 6t.. definitely a worthy purchase.. also i loved the wide angle camera a lot,although camera needs an improvement..amazing display and 90hz refresh rate is so damn smooth and screen quality is so damn good easily comparable with Samsung s10..overall i loved that feel and smoothness..I Love you one plus.. 💓\n', '\nBang for buck phone n a rel flagship killerPros:1. Great built quality, which matches with other premium flagships in the market2. Best part is its display. Large 6.7 inch mesmerising oled display, with gorilla 5 glass n notch free design. Beauty to watch3. Loud n crystal clear speakers4. Fast warp charging5. Super fast performance with latest snapdragon 855 processor, faster ROM, n largee RAM optionsCons:1. Little on heavier side to hold at 200 grams2. No 3.5 earphone Jack, USB C to 3.5 adaptor n earphones not provided despite this high price pointBattery will last over a day with moderate use, and at FHD+ it will last even more. Camera is good, if not the best.For this phone, Pros clearly win over the cons. Go for it\n', "\nWriting this review after completely understanding this masterpiece. Transforming from IOs to Android was a cakewalk for me thanks to my OnePlus 3T. Even today after almost 3 years of its use I saw no lag issues, no issues with the battery and instant rapid charging which was the really the most important plus point for me.This Version of OnePlus is surely a masterpiece. Be it the speed, the battery backup, rapid WARP charging, Be it the huge screen and yes the premium look makes it a worth buy. It's been 2 days I own it and everyone who looks at it is amazed to see how perfectly everything is compiled to make this masterpiece. The camera is amazing with three modes as described during the launch with an amazing picture quality.  The music with stereo sound and Dolby Atmos  makes it so much full of life..  The only Cons you can find with this device is the absence of Water resistant label. Rest it is BEYOND PERFECTION.\n", '\nPowerfully conceived and surely is a great upgrade for those replacing a phone after 2+ years. Processor is great, audio is loud and clear. Price is on the higher end but a worthy deal for people intense on email, social media and fast communication. Miss the 3.5mm jack or the in case wired headset but battery and display makes it up. Had it been, wireless charging could have taken this far further but love the warp charging. Fast fingerprint recognition and selfie camera allows decent face recognition. Oneplus has greatly enhanced the Android underneath. Worthy call if you need speed & quality.\n', "\nOwesome sound by Dolby Atmos 👌, fingerprint sensor is super,fuild amyloid display is mind blowing,back cover perfectly fits.colourful theme is added including black and white themes which is superb.In built screen recorder in good.90hz refresh rate is smooth and fast.coming to draw backs there is no slot for ear phones we have to buy c type cable which connects earphones.and the screen guard doesn't stick at ends were phone curves not a big problem and the price 53k think if your phone is lost then you will be heartbroken I lost my one plus 3t which costs 30k.\n", "\nMobile body is very sensitive even in two hours got lots of minute scratches while removing the back cover. Which I've got inside the box.Build quality is slightly poor. Was expecting much from oxygen os. But one plus keep normal features like other brands Asus and Huawei. & No any  advanced features which shows its something special.No microphone jack. Everytime needs to carry connector.\n", '\nnothing special except screen\n', '\nTake awesome phone with decent price tag.Few key featuresAmazing screenGood battery backupSuperfast chargingCurved screen for premium lookHuge storagePopup camera works as promisedScreen clarity is as good as Samsung S10+( with much better contrast)Few concernsBit heavierScreen length is bit much, wont easily fit in pocket*After recent update few issues resolved but camera quality still lacka in some department. Outdoor photo quality is almost at par but indoor photo lacks refinement.Better to try Google cam mod.Software updates will improve camera quality soon.Screen curve is not in comparison with Samsung S10+ ( samsung screen is much sleeker and with better asthetics)Phone is bit bulky not as sleek as previous one plus modelsDefault phone case is not so good, better to buy a new one\n', '\nWhen there is a video call camera pops up while it is ringing, it should have been camera popping up when I accept the call. This put the selfie camera on risk if the phone is in your pocket n it starts ringingCalled up one plus service centre the answer that I got was this would get resolve when there would be a software update but by that time your camera could get affected\n', '\nFirst of All Amazon You might have became the worlds best company but Kindly Focus on your customer service or you will lose thousands of customers just because of your service. Come To mObile.You can see that i have 3 one plus device. I bought One plus 7 pro mirror black 6+128 model.With The use of 10 days.2-3 days normal working i am not a Big fan of Games or Hd videos or like this i just put 30-40 normal productivity apps in the mobile.After 3 days Battery starts drainning i thought with update this issue will be solved but inwas wrong With in 10 days my fingerprint was not working, And On 10 Thday my Phone Was dead. Its not even power on guys ya I said it right.Is this we got in 49000 rupees. This should not be done. Mobile Phone is very overpriced it should have At ₹40000.Now come to Customer service part,I am calling from Last 10 days to amazon Customer Care they make false promises and just do formality Which they did with me.Finally i sent my mobile on my own courier expemse to company.Thats it kindly save your money And put it on right place\n', "\nThis phone, as explained quite nicely by the countless reviews, is one of the best in the price range. The camera is VERY good, although it can be improved. The screen is truly the best in the budget. And Amazon's service is, as always, top notch.\n", '\nThis is what I am upset for Amazon product I am very irritating about this product what the hell YouTube also not working well\n', "\nAwesome phone... I m giving this feedback after using it 4 days...Pros: Camera quality is awesome... It's rear camera is better than iphone x (I am also using iphone x)...No lag... It's as fast as iPhone x...Battery back up is awesome...Display quality is awesome...Lighting fast charging...Cons: No led notification...No separate headphone jack... Because of it's c type charging point I hv 2 purchase c type port for using any 3.5 mm jack headphone...For this reason I give 4 out of 5...\n", "\nI am a oneplus fan (previously owned oneplus 2, 5t than 7pro) but this time I must say that OnePlus misguided about the camera, the S10's 16 MP camera produces far more better pictures than 7pro's 48 MP camera in every scenario, really disappointed with this purchase, I should have gone for the S10 instead.\n", '\n\xa0I am giving 2 stars just because of battery and screen. As you can see in video oneplus is in overconfident while making this device. They didn’t even take care of software and camera. I just sold this phone in 10 days just because of camera quality and hanging problem.\n', "\nIt's a oneplus phone and it gives more than what it has promised. The speed, options, video quality and ease of access all leaves you feeling royal.But in addition I loved Amazon service. I had exchanged my old phone for this and it was such a breeze. I faced no issues and was able to get the phone I wanted in record time. It's just 24 hrs since I first ordered the phone on Amazon and it's already set up and working as usual.\n", "\nThis is by far the best Oneplus device to be launched till date. I never had a oneplus device before. After using it for a week I came across these observations :Battery life is superb, and warp charge really packs a punch. Does 45% charge in around 15-18 minutes.Fingerprint reader is lightning fast.Rear cameras will make you forget Dslr. Low light photographers can will find this amazing. Front camera is perfect. The device is a little heavy but flaws are less when compared to other advantages. 90hz refresh rate is a boon. Actually you have to get a hands on experience as words will fall short for this beast. There is no question of lag. PUBG and other games are smooth and well the graphics is on another level with the gaming mode setting. The fluid AMOLED screen is pure joy. There is no audio jack but that's wierd  but if you can shell out 50k for a premium device then you can afford to shell out few extra bucks for a Bluetooth headset. Still going through the device features as everyday I am coming across new features which is really cool. Mirror grey looks better those who can't buy the nebula blue, go for mirror grey, you won't be disappointed.Overall the device is a beast. Go for it.\n", "\nFriends ordered this phone and received in just 2 days time. Very much happy with the purchase. Heard a lot of negative complaints like camera, phantom touch, slow fingerprint etc. Which phone haven't has that. But this one really lived up to my expectations. The issues with this phone will definitely go away with updates, I received the first update and there is development in camera quality. I haven't had any experience of phantom touch and poor fingerprint yet. The display is very punchy and accurate. OnePlus development team is very active and will provide all updates to optimise this phone..so go for it.\n", "\nOne plus put a lot of effort while designing the phone itself it's a beautiful peice of technology. Feels premium! The screen is just irresistible it's just wow. With QuadHD panel with 90hz refresh rate it's the best in the market now. One plus did well with the cameras this time. The main sensor the 48MP one is good after the update. But the wide angle suffers a bit in low light plus 3x zoom lens performance lies between the main sensor and wide angle. The portrait comes great out of the device. The selfie cam is good but seems to get harder on face in WhatsApp cam. The battery backup is okay considering the fact the phone has qhd screen with 90hz refresh rate. Yes we can change that for sure. The haptic feedback is just wow much better that previous models. The finger print reader is fast sometimes inaccurate but yes it's good. Oxygen OS doesn't need any explanation it's just buttery smooth. Thanks to the SD 855 and 8GB ram on my phone plus the UFS 3.0 storage throw any app on the device it will hadle it without a sweat multitasking is top notch on this set. But seriously one plus just had me on the screen and design....!\n", '\nVery good and excellent using From past two days received on 17th of may , no issues with phone battery backup Good no heating, refresh rate too fastValue for MoneyPop up Selfie Camera is Great.Battery Life is Pretty Good.Music Sound System is Very Good.Inprint Finger sensor is Fast and good to unlock the phone\n', "\nReally an amazing phone.You will fall for the screen itself.Bought on amazon prime sale on 16th and got it on 17th. Super fast delivery by amazon. kudos.Coming it the phone, it came with the pre-applied screen protector and a transparent case. That's a good welcome gesture. This is my first OnePlus phone coming from a stock android phone. The OOS is clutter free and experience is pure smooth with 90Hz and QHD+ resolution. With that in mind, the SOT of the phone with full brightness will  hardly reach 5 Hours. I use this preset in home as, thanks to warp charge, which charges in 1 Hr 10 min from 0 %. And when I go to office or any other, I use the FHD+ and 60Hz preset to get almost ~8 hours SOT with medium to high brightness.Basically this is a gaming phone. So you can play PUBG with no lag at all, also maxed out settings in Call of Duty Mobile.Camera quality is very promising. I used Gcam to get almost as good as pixel like shots. Day light shots in stock cam is better than GCam. Except for the consistency across the cameras. I hope OP will fix this issue with an update.Finally I would say that, this mobile is totally worth it for the price you pay.\n", "\nWorse one plus phone ever, I know so many friends and relatives who own one plus phones, and they're happy with the handset. Seing the performance and features I ordered one plus 7 pro and as a result I'm so so unhappy with it. I regret spending so much. The call volume drops everytime I am on the call (I don't face this problem with the same sim Card in the other phone) , I literally have to charge my phone thrice a day ( I mostly use the phone for calls and what'saap) , it's more like a landline to me. So so unhappy with the phone. I wish I never bought this phone 😭\n", "\nI have been waiting for nebula blue color and it's worth waiting. I have bought one plus 7 pro. I have been using one plus 5 and upgrade it to one plus 7 pro. Phone's first impression is best. It's really a big phone. If you are using big phone even though you feel it's bigger. Screen is curved and glass body looks cool. Op7 pro comes with inbuilt fingerprint reader and it's quite fast. I have also taken many pictures and all the photos are just perfect. I have also played pubg and it's run really pretty well. But I am still waiting for the day when one plus roll out update so we can also played pubg @ 90 FPS. Battery life is good. Only thing I missed is 3.5 mm Jack for headphones. Other than that all the things really cool and perfect.👌 I must say if you are a heavy mobile user, or if you want to use a best Android phone or if you love to play game than this phone is for you. Believe me it's worth of it's price.\n", "\nThis is the best phone from one plus ! For the price it checks all the boxes of flagship ! Been using for a week ! Everything flows and lovely to use it .if you are looking for a perfect phone with best display and good camera best software experience , I would recommend one plus 7 pro , as it's the best phone with reasonable price ! It's been a ride from one plus one to 7 pro and really happy one always pushes a step further ! You get none other than the best smartphone !Pros:Display the fluid display is awesome.Sound now you got that dual speaker set up , not so loud but clear and precise.Camera is goodBattery lasts more than a day with a normal usageGaming is awesome on the phoneHaptic feedback is much improved and much love for that.Last but not least a fast smooth software experience.Cons :Large phone it's about 7 inch phone very hard to use one handedly but I am willing to learn it.The curved edge corners are not perfectly rendering the data of 3rd party apps , hope this will be fixed in software updates.No headphones jack , I have so many headphones which are useless now .\n", "\nAmazon's blazzing fast one day delivery of a super blazing fast handset.I am in love with how this device handles every action I demand from it, and this device is worth of every penny.Have not seen such SMOOTH device, also it handles every tough processing games and performs so smooth in every aspect.Camera might not be so great but it's not too bad.Was worried about battery life as heard from other reviews, but it lasts decently long through the day, even after few hours of gaming. And that id not an issue too because there is a 30W warp charge support, which charges rapid Very Rapid.Overall this device justifies the price, as it gives smooth experience as Apple products give which costs way more.Have been a fan of ONEPLUS and finally I have their best device.\n", '\n4000mah Battery falls very short when you keep your device in 90Hz refresh rate & keep Dual VoLTE on. So It will hardly last you a day (12-18 hrs max). Don\'t expect more than 3hr Screen on time.Again the fingerprint Sensor is in the display like 6t and so it is not very responsive..Worth buying or Upgrade?BIG NO!!!---Now coming to something very important that no blog or youtuber is covering because they don\'t want to be in negative books of oneplus PR persons....Cutting down the price and promoting 6T everywhere saying "9000 Discount" just before a week of new phone i.e Oneplus 7 and fooling the consumers by making an impression that the newer version will be costlier then 6t.Then launching Oneplus 7 phone at the same price (32999) and making sure they laugh on all the consumers who bought old stuff thinking they got a good deal but in reality they all got fooled by a company with #Neversettle tagline but, in reality, they "MADE US SETTLE" and left all consumers feeling cheated.#NeverSettle for OnePlus! Once a cheater always a Cheater!!!\n', "\nLove at first site❣️display....Feels  ultra premium...🔥Charging speed.....is just⚡️blazing fast.⚡️Gaming... experience: u won't wish to play on other phone if u tried once🔥Camera....is... impression...{portrait}+{nightscape}Fingerprint..is the fastest...among.all🔥Stereo sound is addiction❣️❣️❣️❣️The best....display on earth....🔥🔥90 hertz...display..is the smoothest...better than the I phone🔥U just can't live or go back to another phone....if u🔥 use it.......🎉The fastest phone on earth🏅🎗️The haptic engine feed back...is super impressive while playing games... supports all game at...max. graphics..🏅It's....not just a phone....🔥🔥🔥It's a beast🔥❣️\n", "\nUpdate after two weeks usage: Can't imagine life without this phone! I am now thoroughly familiar with its functions, and we get along well. The battery has stabilised, and I get 25 to 30 hours easily with around 9 hours on screen. The phone lights up on its perimeter when in lock mode and you get a notification - different colours for different apps. I have given it full marks now as it has surpassed my expectations. I thoroughly recommend this phone and consider it to be great value for money! Please hit like if you found my review helpful and let me know in the comments your experience with this phone.___This is a preliminary review after one day's usage and exploration. It will tell you how I feel about the phone and how I perceive it when comparing it with other phones I have owned. Please remember that every person is looking for different things in a mobile phone so your user experience will be different from mine.My wishlist included honest photography and videography with a clear yet deep sound, long battery life and a front fingerprint reader. I take lots of pictures and hate the overexposed, oversaturated and beautified images that have taken over the market, hence the need for honesty. I had a few phones in mind and kept watching videos trying to figure out which one would suit me best before ordering the One+ 7 Pro. The reason? The photo tests came really close to those of Google Pixel 3 and sometimes surpassed them!So here are some observations I noted down as I got to grips with my new phone:Comes with silicone case but no earphones or adaptor. Guess they expect us to have leftover earphones and adaptors from previous phones?It's large and heavy! Consequently, it gets cumbersome and causes muscle fatigue after a while (had a similar problem with Sony XZ3). I preferred the feel of the Mate 20 Pro as it was slightly slimmer and fitted better and also it was beautifully balanced, so you did not need to exert yourself to hold it. [My hand has gotten used to its weight, but I still feel a bit intimidated by its size and wonder whether we do indeed need such big screens. However, watching Netflix in bed demonstrated the beauty of its large display and the clarity of its sound.]The fingerprint reader works well and fast. Facial recognition is also speedy, but as it requires the recessed camera to work, I am not too keen on using it.Photographs were a bit noisy on portraits but looked artistic. The update fixed the noise issue BUT ruined the portrait mode that is now overexposed. Not sure why; still figuring it out. Need to test it further. The rear camera produced good photographs compared to the Mate 20 Pro, which was a fail. The S7 has more depth of colour, and a nice background separation which gives photos a 3D appearance, something the Mate lacked and the 7 Pro cannot quite achieve. (The S7 was a dynamite phone despite the skin smoothing.) [It was my stupidity. I thought like a Galaxy S7 user that if I click on the face of the person, I'd get an AF lock, but this phone has no AF lock. What it does when you click on the part of the screen is giving you the option to adjust the exposure (light or dark), so I ended up with a washed-out picture - my fault entirely! Also, in portrait mode, it has a little oblong shape that says Depth Effect. This is what controls the bokeh, and you can't do much about it other than make sure it lights up green before snapping the shot. It will light up green only when the camera is at the correct distance from the person. I suppose this is one way of making sure the subject is in proper focus. Talking of the bokeh effect, it is very subtle, unlike other phones. If you want stronger effects, photo manipulation programmes are your friend, but for me, this is good enough.]Videos on the One+ 7 Pro are beautifully stable when walking, but if you turn fast, the image blurs momentarily before it recovers. [I enjoyed using slow motion but not sure if other phones can switch to slow motion during videoing or if the YouTuber vloggers actually splice videos up to add the slow motion part. My phone can take either or videos. The slow-motion does not activate randomly as in the Samsung phones, and I think that gives you more control but, to be honest, I am still a rookie in these things.]Sound playback is excellent in music and films due to the top and bottom speakers, but the microphone can hardly pick up someone talking 1.5 meters away from you in a quiet room when you are taking a video.The display is not as great as any of the comparison phones. The icons (phone, texts, camera, etc.) are not as beautiful as the competition's. There is a poor selection of wallpapers and none of the themes. One thing I enjoyed about the Mate 20 Pro was its wide selection of wallpapers, some of which were animated. Felt so excited to hold a phone that had falling cherry blossoms. Luckily, the Play Store has a variety of free wallpapers and was able to find some that give me joy. [Once a great wallpaper was in situ, everything looked much better!]The curved edge makes the letters from some apps seem to slide downhill, reminds me of Salvador Dali's famous melting paintings. Not a deal-breaker but distracting. App developers and One+ should take that into consideration and condense their displays to leave a black gap on the edges when text is involved. [My brain learned to ignore it.]The bottom navigation bar lies behind ads in games like Solitaire - takes some skill to NOT click on the ad trying to get to the home screen, and I am proud that I have mastered it. [Should not be a problem if you are not using the silicon case. If you do have the case on as I do, learn to start the scrolling action from the silicon itself, and you won't miss.]Angry Birds Friends is not loading and constantly crashing. [Uninstalled the app as per Rovio's instructions and re-installed it. It worked until I exited. Then I was again unable to load it. This morning, it works again. Mystery!]Bejewelled Blitz was jumpy despite the 90 Hz refresh rate, and it feels laggy. Taking off the Fnatic mode seemed to improve things a bit (though Fnatic is meant to be ideal for gaming...) [Checked this morning, still laggy at 60 Hz even if all other games are closed. I can understand the screen being slow because of the screen protector causing more friction, but why is the game slow to load results? Maybe my broadband is slow at times?]Colours on apps seem ‘dirty’ instead of bright and vibrant as in comparison phones. Also, blacks look greyed out. [I got used to the new look of colours, and it does not bother me any more. I have even reduced the display settings to save battery as that is more important to me at the moment.]Google Calendar is more laborious to work with than the Samsung calendar as it requires to select what kind of entry you are entering - ugh! (Ease off, Google. Just let me enter it and trust me to know what my entry is for!!)Step counter kept counting up despite me not taking a single step. It just felt the vibrations of me picking the phone up and thought this was walking. Hmm... to cheat or not to cheat? [I don't really fancy walking around with this big phone, so I have left my old phone in the bathroom LOL]I did not use the file transfer app they recommend as I had a bad experience with Huawei's own and never said again. Sadly restoring from Google backup, did not restore my text messages. The other phones did, which is baffling. [Apparently, Google security does not allow a full restore unless you verify it is you who logged in from a new device, so do that first and then try the restore.]The keyboard is more accurate than the Samsung one, probably due to space, but it makes it more tedious to type as you need to move your finger further. However, it has a great feature: a proper keypad that can be activated entering a series of numbers. On the minus side, the special characters are slightly harder to get to.The final observation is that the battery seems to drain fast (very steep slope in the diagram). The battery charges fully in 1 hour 20', and despite predictions that the phone would only last till 3 am, the phone survived the night on standby mode till 6 am. Although the screen was on for about 6 hours yesterday, I didn't do much other than set it up, take a few pics and a couple of short videos and try out my game apps. The Mate 20 Pro had an amazing battery life. [The battery continues to worry me. If I need to be charging it more than once a day, then I have gained nothing over my old phone. I have now put the phone on a dark theme, reduced the Hz from 90 to 60 and lowered the resolution. I also make a point to close every app when I am not using it. I am now confident enough to say that if there is a deal-breaker for me, it will be battery life; however, apart from the 6T, most phones have worse battery life. The Mate 20 has a great battery, but the photography is ... ugh! I will try to let the battery drain and then charge it early morning and see how it fares. With light use, I would have expected the battery to last more than 23 hours :( Imagine if I start using it exclusively as I did with my S7!]Conclusion: I am not 100% convinced this phone is for me though I can learn to live with it. I know from reviews that the One+ 6T has much better battery life and photography so maybe that would be an option...? [I am so tempted to order it and compare!!!]I have just uploaded a screenshot of the battery information. It has improved. The phone goes into panic mode at 15%, but if you ignore its message, it will see you through the night on standby and give you a couple of hours light use before it truly needs recharging.\n", '\nBought on the first day and received in the same night in around 7hrs. Classy looks, excellent buttery smooth display and flawless performance.A bit underwhelmed by the camera performance till now. Sometimes the pictures are good sometimes are over beautified and smooth, needs retouching afterwords. But yet to test outdoors in depth.Photos attached are retouched a little.Battery seems to last a day with moderate use and occasional gaming.Phone is slightly heavier than expected or desired.Definitely worth an upgrade from 3T if you want a great display and performance.6-128 version will suffice the need of moderate users..\n', "\nI have used many phones being a gadget geek. Previously used one plus 6 and now this one from the amazing team of one plus. Let me tell you if you buy this all your needs will be met and you won't be disappointed. It's worth your money.Pros.Great screen contrastAmazing scroll speed at 90 heartzGreat design and looksGreat camera with amazing zoomAmazing bezeless designGreat sound quality although some other premium phones have better like iPhone XFast fingerprint unlock better than Huawei and iPhone and miConsOnly cons I think of is little bit battery drainage but that's understandable since it depends on usage and screen runnin constant at 90 heartz with large display.Sound quality should have been little better but it do justice.\n", '\nHighly satisfied with this mobile. You might have to adjust for a day or 2 with the weight and the size of the phone but eventually you will love OnePlus7 Pro. I had used Android , Apple and OnePLus earlier but the touch of OnePlus 7 Pro is sublime, out of the world. Popping up of front camera feels kind of creepy initially but you will get used to it quickly. After a month of struggle of selection between iPhoneXR and OnePlus 7 Pro i made the decision to buy OnePlus 7 Pro and am really happy with the result. Go for it, do not think.\n', "\nI have been using this phone from more than a week now. Here are the things I liked and disliked:# Display is Great (but its glamour goes away after putting on a back cover, which is necessary as the phone is too slippery without it 🙁)# Camera is not that great if we see it from the price point. I was using OnePlus 5T before this and i feel i had a better camera setup. Also, I don't know why nobody is talking about the Portrait mode of the rear camera, it automatically zooms the image 3x, making it hard to take portraits of a nearby people/objects. Also, zooming 3x makes things very shaky and hard to take a steady shot. Really not satisfied with the Portrait mode's auto cropping zoom. Similar issue was there in OnePlus 5, the first OP phone having a dual camera setup, but the issue was resolved in 5T.# The next big thing that no one is talking about in the reviews is unavailability of Notification LED. This is seriously a big turn off for me.# Battery backup is decent considering the screen size and display quality.# The phone is too slippery without a cover. The phone attracts a lot of dirt and is also a fingerprint magnet.# The company should have provided a better back cover and Type C earphones (or at-least the Type C to 3.5mm jack converter) within the box at this price.# I also purchased the OnePlus Wireless Bullets 2 separately. Their sound quality it's good but there is no sound feedback received (the connecting beep sound that you get after long pressing the button) while using Google Assistant via the button on wireless bullets. Even my wired earphones provide that feature.Overall its a good phone if camera is not a great deal for you. Though the OnePlus should have kept the starting price of this phone under 40k. Instead of wasting money on advertisement and making big celebrities their brand ambassadors, the company should stick to their original vision of providing flagship killer features at an even killer Price tag.\n", '\nVery bad service, Device started flickering after 20 days of purchase yet it was working for more then 10 days before it stopped all of a sudden, 100% Sure and gurantee that device was never ever close to any liquid, but then too service people said that device has water damage and I have to pay 17000 rs for replacing display.Pathetic and cheap style of earning more money like you earn in all different colour modules.Before I was proud to show my ohone to other people, now I got why iphones are better deal.50,000 is very hard to earn for a middle class person, I waited for this phone and buyed this phone by collecting 5000 every month from my salary of 25,000.I know phone is good, but the servie they offer is worst.\n', '\nMy previously used few mobiles - Galaxy S7,S8,Note 8,Note 9....This time i have decided to go with one plus for first time, and belive me,it was a fantastic decesion.Previously i am avoiding other mobile brands ,only for displays.But this time one plus hitted a bulls-eye.Thanks to great display.I am amongst first few members to buy this master piece,as soon as it has launched and i have taken full 20 days to evaluate this mobile to write this review.As promised,delivery of mobile was superquick by Amazon.I have received this mobile,even before it was released for regular customers,and available on retail outlets.Thanks to Amazon.This mobile is overall a very good package. Display of this mobile is fantastic,with crisp and clear pictures.Though samsung displays are little bit superior,but margin is very narrow and for day today work,margin is absolutely nil.This displays donot oversaturate the images and pictures.Battery life is fantastic and last for entire day easily with heavy use on 60 hz QHD setting.On 90 hz it is little less.Battery life is definately far far better compaired to my Note 9.Camera quality needs some improvements, but i am sure that one plus will definately rectify it in upcoming updates.Already,a update from one plus has improved camera performance drastically.Mobile is little overweight and big to handle for average sized hand people,but it is matter of just getting "used to it".Once you get used to it,you will definately enjoy using this mobile and watching movies on it.Sound quality is crispy clear and battery backup is also very good,even if you use blutooth headsets.Fingerprint reader is fast but still needs some improvement...SD 855 Processor is superfast.No need to review it,as this is fastest amongst all mobiles,i have used in past.UI is very good,and you can adjust it according to your needs.WRAP charging is fantastic.You will get decent battery charge within 15 min of charging this mobile in emergency situations,though it will not be required in day today practice,as battery backup is fantastic for mod-heavy users,as stated earlier.I my opinion,compairing price to performance ratio,this moble is the best mobile to buy to date.So "JUST GO FOR IT".Now ,I became a proud fan of one plus.\n', "\nThis is a review after a month usage:Pros:Display- 5+/5Camera 4.5/5Touch-4.7/5Battery-4/5Fast changing- 5+/5😜Fingerprint sensor: 5Now coming to the in-depth review, first thing was the Display: Which I noticed when I opened the package and switched on the phone was the built in wallpaper animation and that's when I immediately noticed the 90 hz fluid AMOLED display's awesomeness 😍😍. Then the next time was while playing pubg, it's graphics was simply awesome😍. Then again the third time I fell in love was during the display setting when we can manually tune the display colours. And I really longed for a curved edge display phone for a long time and all these features put together felt awesome.Camera: At first, I was very sceptic about it as there were bad reviews swarming around camera😅. Then immediately the phone was demanding me to update it which I eventually did , which was around 2 gb. And then I took a few picture in artificial lighting with fingers crossed but it was fine. Then post that I thought the camera was not up to the mark😵. But to my surprise it was me who was the culprit 😜 and this came to light when I took some pictures during daylight, also I'm new to the triple camera setup so I was the one to be blamed for and not the phone, then as I got a hold of it the, picture quality was getting better and better 😍. So now I can say it has a pretty decent quality 😉 though it's not in comparison with other flagships out there I'm really happy with it's images also the 3x zoom feature will shock you as there is no loss in the image quality. Portrait mode is awesome but you will have to get used to it, selfie camera is also awesome, which also gives you awesome images 😍. Gaming: I'm not s hard core gamer at least in Mobile , since this device has pretty hardware built for games I thought of giving it a try, and to my surprise I fell for it at the login screen as the animations were so pleasing to the eyes 😍 and during the game play there was no frame drops and the gameplay was pretty smooth 👍Battery: since it's a heavy 4k mAh battery I thought it would last for a more than a day on heavy usage, but it's not so coz of increased resolution and refresh rate, it drains the battery a lot especially during heavy usage, but if we are not using it much the battery easily lasts for 1.5 days, plus the Warp charging, just shatters your perspective about charging, coz it charges three device  from 10-100 in shy of 80 mins which is mind blowing.Finger print scanner is one of the plus for this device coz it's blazingly fast when compared to it's competitors 👍😍Oxygen Os: I'm a first time user and to me this interface is just as smooth as butter, the feel, the response,90hz refresh rate, vibrant Display all together is simply awesome. No lags so far. Will update this in coming months.Only con was the ear phone jack , but that can be resolved using a USB c to 3.5 converters , I used ptron adapter which is amazing and you can also charge and connect to earphones at the same time 😅.I guess that's it for now will update on near future, if you're planning to buy this you can blindly go for it and won't regret 👍\n", '\nWhy just Unlock Speed when you can Go Beyond Speed.My New One Plus 7 Pro!!!The OnePlus 7 Pro\'s camera, performance, and price make it the go-to premium Android phone of 2019.Overall, the phone looks fantastic. The display is razor-sharp and thanks to the pop-up camera, it\'s all screen; there\'s no cutout tab or teardrop notch or "hole punch" dot.Pros:Notch less DisplayRAM BoostQualcomm SDM855Memory (Up to 12 GB)Primary CameraFront Pop-Up CameraBattery (4000 MAH)Warp ChargingFingerprint (under display)90 Hertz Refresh RateCons:ExpensiveWireless Charging3.5 mm jackNo IP Rating (Dust/Waterproof)By Saikanth Krishna\n', '\nI use 4 finger claw for Pubg and at random times the screen glitches for no particular reason. There are glitches of different type:1. Sometimes the place where my buttons are on screen, they get clicked even when my fingers are no where near it.2. Sometimes I have to have a finger tapping on the middle of the screen otherwise the buttons at the top left edges wont activate no matter how many times I tap.3. Sometimes buttons wont work all together.All these glitches happen at random. Sometimes the phone will be working fine and other times it just goes to hell. So playing competitive for which I bought such an expensive phone is defeated.Pros:Camera.Dunno, failed almost all my expectations.Cons:Pop up camera.Refer Pros.With no apps running in background and only wifi on 24x7 and no one using the phone, the battery last 2-2.5 days...with no usage. If you are using the phone with something like wifi or data or location (any one, never-mind two of these) on at all times, you are looking at at least one time charging the phone at eveningSincerely Disappointed,One plus user.\n', "\nI was so confused in between S10+ and OP7 Pro because i was worried about weight and camera but both are excellent. I am glad that i opted OnePlus7 Pro. The moment i turned on the display i was simply amazed by its quality, seriously it's just pleasure to eyes to watch and feel this display.Other than this performance, camera, OS, and premium look of Nebula blue all are just amazing.Go for it and trust me you not gonna regret it.\n", '\n"WHICH PHONE SHOULD I BUY?" Will be the common question of everyone today who are planning for the premium smartphone, especially with Snapdragon 855 Chipset.I think many of them have already written a detailed review of this product, OnePlus 7 Pro. But in this review, I want to focus on one issue of the current people, "WHICH PREMIUM PHONE SHOULD I BUY?"Because earlier, it was a very easy task to judge the best, flagship, worthy premium smartphone - OnePlus. But now, it appears very difficult to select the best flagship smartphone. Because now we have so many options like S10, Note 10, K20, etc. to select. And even I was totally confused. But after buying and researching many premium phones, I am concluding things in this review.So now let us start to compare almost each and every premium smartphone with this OnePlus 7 Pro smartphone so that it will be helpful for you to buy the right smartphone.1) Samsung Note 10: Priced at 70000, less battery capacity, less powerful processor, smaller screen, no 90-hertz screen smoothness, no Quad-HD. So here OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner. You can choose this Samsung Note 10, only if your preference is a compact smartphone with S-Pen. Or else, please buy OnePlus 7 Pro itself.2) Samsung Note 10 Plus: Priced at 80000 (oh my God), performs less powerfully with Exynos chipset when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro\'s Snapdragon 855 processor. I don\'t know why Samsung doesn\'t provide Snapdragon chipsets for few countries for S series premium smartphones, even after charging 80k. And still same display - no 90-hertz smooth screen. And one more funniest thing, no 100% display. I mean, still, they are providing punch-hole selfie camera on the main display, whereas pop-up selfies are provided by other brands at just Rs.15,000 now. Come on Samsung! Even after charging 80,000, no pop-up camera? Kidding? So according to me, here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. If your preference is S-Pen alone with the latest premium smartphone from Samsung brand, please go for this and pour your hard-earned money.3) Redmi K20 Pro: I have used this. By paying 33k you will be hit continuously by MI dirty ads, for a poor quality AMOLED display. I hated this. No way match even for OnePlus 7. I can clearly tell that this can\'t even beat OnePlus older smartphones. Xiaomi should realize that customers are paying money for what they are providing. Earlier the scenario was different. Only MI smartphones were very much budget-friendly and ads were accepted (that too by some people). But now, showing ads is like totally killing themselves. OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. And I really don\'t see any good reasons why people should opt for Xiaomi phones anymore. Until they stop ads and spoil kids, I don\'t recommend MI phones to anyone anymore.4) Oppo Reno: I have used this too. Earlier I used to think that all AMOLED screens will be great. Because earlier, there were just Samsung and OnePlus to provide commonly AMOLED screens. But I learned from Redmi K20 and Oppo guys, that all AMOLED screens are not the same. These screens can never match even Samsung\'s entry-level smartphones\' AMOLED display nor they can match OnePlus older versions\' AMOLED displays. And moreover, what I really hated much was ColourOS UI of Oppo. My god! It is horrible I felt. According to me, here also OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner though Reno also uses Snapdragon 855 processor. Choose this only if your preference is high zooming of your rear-camera. Because Oppo Reno has 10x zoom while OnePlus 7 Pro\'s has just 3x camera zoom.5) Black Shark 2: In this 100% display era, MI, along with popping ads, is again lacking to provide the full display. This is a smartphone of having infinity display like OnePlus 5T or Samsung S8 and S9 series. So here also the clear winner is OnePlus 7 Pro. Again, I don\'t see any good reasons to go for this smartphone.6) Asus 6z: This smartphone has failed to provide the AMOLED display in spite of being categorized as a premium phone. Very surprising. This itself enough to lose the competition I guess and OnePlus 7 Pro is the clear winner here too. If the price is the only criteria, one can choose this unique revolving camera smartphone.7) Samsung S10: Again, I don\'t think it is good to pay a huge amount (61,900) for a smartphone with no 100% display in this era. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If a compact powerful phone is what you want, one can go for this.8) Samsung S10 Plus: Same goes here. My god...Samsung\'s pricings are too much I feel when compared to OnePlus 7 Pro. So the winner here also is OnePlus 7 Pro. If superb camera quality is the only needed factor, one can go for this Samsung S10 Plus.9) Huawei P30 Pro: It is a known fact that Huawei and its sibling Honor was banned by the US for spying. And Android itself was expected to be killed on these phones. Though the ban is lifted for time being, it is not certain that the ban-lift will be permanent or temporary. So why should one risk in investing a huge amount on this brand? So I feel time waste in researching these brand\'s smartphones. So I prefer OnePlus 7 Pro only here also.10) Honor View 20: Same 9th point goes here.11) Huawei Mate 20 Pro: Same 9th point goes here.12) Google Pixels: Again, the Samsung theory goes here. When the era is of 100% displays, punch-hole cameras, infinity displays, notch displays, waterdrop displays, etc. are all meaningless I feel. So my choice is OnePlus 7 Pro without any doubts.So after researching and trying everything, I strongly feel that currently, OnePlus 7 Pro is the only model which can be trusted and you get more than what you pay.Frankly speaking, initially, when OnePlus launched this 7 Pro smartphone, I was disappointed by considering the price factor and the smartphone\'s size factor also. But now after using for a few days, that too after trying all other brands, I am really feeling that this OnePlus 7 Pro is worth for every penny you pay. Even the phone is NOT BULKY IF YOU USE A RIGHT SLIM CASE.The display itself mind-blowing and everything provided in the package is very, very powerful. All the three colors are beautiful - mirror grey, almond white, and nebula blue. Chose whichever you want. And feel free to submit questions to me. I will try to answer.\n', '\nI have buy this phone on the first when it come on amazon for sale. but after comparing this oneplus 7 pro camera with old oneplus 6 and oneplus 6t they have much batter camera then this op7 pro. but they are avalabile in 32999/- and i have spent 53000/- almost 20000 for this phone but i am not happy with this phone camera.i cant return this product because i have purchase this phone on bajaj emi. but now i am feeling cheated by oneplus india.\n', '\nFirst of all i m using ONE PLUS for the first time. The phone performance is mind blowing, no lag nothing at all.🖥️The Display is so awesome, u will fall in love with it. 😍😍📷 Camera is gud bt still it requires improvement in my view🔋 Battery is Good, i think due to big screen it consume battery a little faster, bt after updates it will be fixed definitely..🎮Game lover Go for it no doubt..And dont think for negative review. I dont knw why people are so stupid.. 😂\n', '\nNever buy this product or anything from oneplus within 8 days this phone is not working because of just little rain and now company is asking me to pay 41000 to repair it. The Chinese companies are only to loot Indian people.\n', "\nI had been using my OnePlus 3T since December 2016. The device was still good enough for my daily necessities but the battery life dropped down to a considerable extent so I decided to get the OnePlus 7 Pro. My expectations were quite high, and guess what? This phone gracefully rose past all of them. Here is my review after three weeks of usage. Trust me, I've used the stuffing out of the device in these three weeks.Desirable features :1. Display : Arguably the phone's strongest selling point. My mind was shuttling between the 7T and 7 Pro and the display is what sold by. Beautiful Quad HD curved display with 90 Hz refresh rate. Curved displays may not be for everyone, but I've condoned them since the s6 edge and hence, I personally love it. Accidental touches are also very rare (I do have fat fingers). As for the refresh rate, it improves the overall user experience and if you don't believe me, keep a phone with a 60 Hz screen next to this and you will definitely observe the difference. The screen is pretty bright and has legit outdoor visibility as well. Night and reading modes also ensure you have a pleasant experience using it in the dark. Screen flickering is not noticeable for the average user but you have the DC dimming option as well if in case you do notice it.2. Software optimization : Oxygen OS is OnePlus' forte. Undisputedly the best OS available for android. It is buttery smooth and packed with just the right amount of features. I didn't feel the need for a third party launcher. Rest assured, you will definitely receive regular software updates for three years at least.3. Performance : Moving from the 3T, this felt like riding a H2R after owning a splendour all my life. I haven't noticed any lags or stutters no matter what task I threw at it. As for gaming, I've saved it for the end of the review. PUBG lovers do check out the bottom of the review for a detailed PUBG review. Spoiler alert : it outperforms even some of the gaming phones on the market today.4. Audio output : The dual stereo speakers are very loud. The clarity is excellent for listening to media and taking calls as well. Dolby Atmos is the cherry on top of the cake.5. Camera : Many reviews said that the camera was a disappointment. Well, OnePlus seems to have fixed it with numerous updates because when I got my device and installed all the updates, the camera performance was splendid. Pro mode allows you to tweak the settings considerably. Slow motion videos are good too, though not the best. Any normal user would be very happy with the camera as I had no complaints. it doesn't beauty or oversaturate images. Initially, when I opened slow motion at night in indoor lighting, the screen was flickering and so did the resulting video. But it turns out it is not a manufacturing defect. The sensor cannot shoot slow motion videos on certain lighting conditions. But it works well in outdoor lighting. So if you try it for the first time indoors, do not freak out if this happens. Video recording at 4k;60fps is awesome too.TIP : Use Pro mode to click RAW images and then edit them on Snapseed. RAW files produce excellent details but also range from 20-30 MB per image. They are a little soft but Snapseed is all you need to edit the images.6. Network reception : Network reception and Wi-Fi speed is also much better. Internet speed is much better on this phone as compared to my older devices (3T and Mi A2 lite).7. Warp charging : It charges from 0 to 100 in just about an hour's time. And the best part is, the phone doesn't heat up at all. Only the adapter gets warm, but the phone doesn't heat up despite the charging speed.8. Design - The phone looks beautiful and feels premium. The notchless display is a treat to the eyes. I have the nebula blue variant and the frosted glass back looks magnificent. It feels great to hold and even better to behold.Well, this phone does everything you expect from a phone perfectly. So the pros list would go on and on.Could be better :Battery life - OnePlus packs a 4000 maH battery. It will easily last you through the day even if you are a heavy user. I get 6-7 hours of screen on time normally and a little over 5 hours if I do a lot of gaming and YouTube. I have my display set at 9 Hz and 1440p resolution so this does pull a lot off the battery. But considering the size and weight of this phone, OnePlus could have provided us with a battery. I did try setting the screen to 60 Hz and 1080p and it improved the battery life by roughly 15-20%, but what's the point of having such a powerful display and not being able to exploit it to the fullest?Liabilities :1. No headphone jack - When I buy a premium phone, I expect the company to at least pack a type C to 3.5mm adapter, if not a type C headphones. Come on, even apple gives you compatible earphones in the box. I spent an extra 390 bucks for the adapter. It works fine but would have been better if it came in the box.2. Tempered glass - OnePlus gives you an applied screen protector with the phone and it is good, but it is not shatterproof. When you have an expensive display, it is always better to secure it with a good tempered glass. But finding a good one is a pain. Either it has black edges, doesn't cover the screen completely, or the application process is a hassle and error prone. And they cost at least four times the amount for flat screen phones. Have ordered one from glazedinc, let's hope it fits the bill.A few perks :To make the phone look better, I downloaded wallpapers from unsplash. I also installed the flight icon pack (free version). You don't need a separate launcher for it, Oxygen OS allows you to use icon packs and it is quite simple. You can customize the icons and even change the name of the apps(useful if you want to be shady).Also installed an edge screen app. Have attached a screenshot of my home screen. Also, enable dark mode. The display makes it beautiful.Set animation scale in developer options to 0.5x for an even snappier experience.I suggest you use the fingerprint scanner and avoid face unlock as the front camera has to pop up Everytime you need to unlock your phone. Besides it is very accurate and fast too. I've disabled finger unlock animation so make it seem faster (perception hack).Verdict :I have the 8GB RAM/256GB ROM version.  It is worth the 43 grand damage. Given a second chance, I'd still pick the same phone again and I am sure you would too. After all, it won the MVP award in MKBHD's smartphone awards 2019. :)PUBG Mobile review :This is an absolute beast of a phone for PUBGM. Default settings itself was set to HDR + Extreme and it handled it very well. Constant 60 fps was achieved with minor drops to 58 and never below that. I personally prefer to play at Smooth + Extreme as bullets register the fastest in these settings (as said by professional players). I'm a four finger claw + full gyroscope player. I picked up full gyro practicing for just two weeks in this phone. Touch response is super quick and there are no multi touch issues. Gyro response is also perfect and I play with the same sensitivity as Snax. My gameplay has improved a lot with this phone. Curved display wasn't an issue for me at all. You also have an in built screen recorder that records both internal and external audio. Recording your gameplay doesn't affect the performance at all. Minor heating is noticeable after two classic matches if you're recording. 5 minutes of recording at 60fps will consume close to 1GB of your storage. I can game for around 4-4.5 hours when the phone is fully charged. There is no thermal throttling and phone's performance does not drop at all. Besides, the notchless screen improves.yoir gaming experience and haptic feedback is excellent too. If you're looking for an amazing gaming performance as a bonus, this is the phone for you. The frame rate is even more consistent than ROG phone 2, second maybe only to iPhones.\n", '\nThe mobile received on 14th of August and the screen started flickering on 20th September. The service centers declared that liquid damage is the reason and the cost will be 17000.00. Now, how can a person prove that it was not dip on water and its already water splash proof as declared on amazon. Very poor service and will not recommend for one+ series.\n', '\nSuper bad... Extremely disappointing camera, bad fingerprint sensor, not worth the money\n', "\nThe display is amazing and it just grows on you. You can never use any other handset after using this display.Battery is good for 1 and half day usage but the wrap charge is dope.Weight is a bit heavy and big screen but big phones are the call of the day so can't complain much.Design is so attractive and feels can never be backdated even after using this for 2 years.Camera specs are awesome and software is good bit with time it will improve more I am sure. Don't get me wrong it gets decent pictures and great selfies.\n", '\nWorks like a charm little hefty but butter smooth.And for people talking about incomplete product delivery what you see on youtube is reviewers unit jot retail unit so stop with the dumb comments.My only complaint is that there is no headphone in the box and nor did the company provide the adaptor for the same\n', "\nI'm upgrading from the one plus 2 and this phone is beyond what I expected of it. It's fast! The 90hrz display is butter smooth media consumption is a breeze thanks to the bezelsless display and the Dolby speakers which are loud and clear even outside. The performance is simply the best! No issues here whatsoever. Battery life could've been a bit better but it's completely acceptable due to the fact that it's powering a Mammoth of a screen. I'm close to getting 6.5 hrs of screen-on time and can get through a day with 10% at the end of the day with my usage. Camera is great it may not be as impressive as the pixel but it comes damn close I hope this will improve over time with software updates. If you're confused about picking this or the standard one plus 7 let me tell you I was too in that spot. But took the plunge and got the 7pro and after using it for over a week let me tell you the extra you spend on it is absolutely worth it the screen alone is enough to blow your doubts away. Unless you're strapped for cash consider getting the 7pro its worth it.Summing up:Pros1)Screen2)Dolby speakers3)Performance4)Price (still cheaper than other flagships)5)Premium Build.Cons1)Battery (Although acceptable for me, heavy users might find it lacking.)2)No Headphone jack or headphones provided. (shockingly no converter provided either.)3) camera (don't get me wrong it's perfectly good enough for average people and not a deal breaker but it's just not as good as the pixel.)\n", "\nIt's a beautiful beast. Screen is the best . No notch and no hole , the view is clear and you enjoy it. Oxygen Os is always like a stock android which is the best. Camera is okay. But yes I think they should have added type c 3.5 mm converter out of the box in such price segment.\n", '\nThe first thing firstThe design is awesome.Specs are awesomeAnd almost near to stock android is also awesome.This mobile is just super fast.I think spending 50k + on this is better than spending on Samsung items.\n', '\nAwesome product from one plus and comes to camera quality, it has improved alot after the software update (OS 9.5.7)Only thing i felt personally as a con for this mobile is its huge 6.67 inch display which is a bit tricky to handel.Battery life is very good and lasts for minimum 24 hrs if you are using it for quite a bit heavy as well.I would suggest this mobile if you are fine and can cross over your budget.\n', "\nI'll go through all points what's good, what's bad and what oneplus could've done better.THE GOOD-very good in gaming-very beautiful design to look at-very good & optimized software-very future proof-no overheating, throttling, etc-very good speakers (both clarity & loudness)THE BADPoor Screen protectorpre-applied screen protector is of very poor quality. It gets scratches sitting in my pocket within few days of use. I'm not sure it'll survive even a month and btw I am a person who take extreme care of my devices.Warp ChargerIt's very fast but phone feels slightly warm from back as well as front side while charging. i tried dash charger and there was no such problem. So, I am sticking with dash most times.Provided Covercover is ok. it's a bit on thicker size but not as thick as my 6t but ulike 6t dust, etc can get in this cover which is very annoying as I have to constantly clean it.Fanatic modeIt's not practical to use it as it blocks all calls, notifications, etc and don't even give us option to turn some of these things off. Gaming mode is fineA bit overpricedRobert Downy Jr, Amitabh Bhacchan, and other big stars are promoting this device and it looks like we're paying price for those big names as this device is not 14,000 different from regular oneplus 7IN-BETWEEN GOOD & BADCameraBack camera is hit or miss, sometimes it click very sharp and detailed photos but other-times it's photos are little on softer side and sometimes I felt that there's some beautification going on. But overall it gets the job done.Battery lifewith 90hz and QHD+ on battery life is average but with 60hz and FHD+ it's pretty even slightly better than my 6t, still battery life can be improved.About the sizeAlthough I prefer small phones and this is sure not a small one. It's very bulky but handling is ok you'll get use to it\n", "\nThe phone is great. Few features are best in class like the display, processor, ram, sound is good but slightly tuning is needed to it, I think it is loud. Camera is good but not great and battery is enough for 1 day. Fast and adaptive os. I like the performance most. It's smooth, fast and no heating issues yet. So, for me, it is ideal phone. And really like the pop up camera, specially for face unlock.\n", '\nOverall Beast as everyone says!! but few things i have noticed after usage since a week..firstly i wud say RAM is being used drastically.. just for normal usage it wud consume approx 5 to 6 GB RAM without any reason.. i dunno how does that processing work at all...and battery is drastically draining since 2 days.. earlier 5 days were EPIC.. now i really do not understand what the problem is.. as the usage is same as before. planning to get it replaced but wat if it works the same!!!Camera app is not at all good. thy really need to upgrade their software to match the market level phones like pixel and nokia.Overall little disappointed with 12 GB Beast phone... Expectations were high but lets hope for the best for further usage..EDIT :  After 20plus days of usage and 2 updates working really fine and battery issue also resolved with some apps management. Now battery works upto 36 to 48 hrs for one single charge. Will update more once after i use it liitle extensively for few more days... Stay tuned!\n', "\nThe blue beast.Everything is great.They should have included the the headfone adapter.Stop complaining about the weight even iphone xs max weighs 208 gms.Night scape mode in this phone is just superb. Better than iphone or galaxy s10 plus.And this phone is a performance monster.Chose this phone over galaxy s10 plus and I have zero regrets.Go for it and you'll not regret.\n", "\nGood points:1) quality feels premium while holding it in hand2) Superb sound quality and clarity3) Awesome display to look at4) Warp charging is much more faster than Dash charging  + battery retention time is average5) 90Hz barely makes a difference as compared to OnePlus 3 I used before this. But yes, Its indeed much more refined and smooth(still doesn't justify the price tag)Bad Points:1) The camera although takes awesome pictures, but it does get blurred while zooming and viewing the pic from gallery2) The pop up mechanism makes mechanical sound while switching on/off. At this price, it bothered me. It could have been seamless.3) Bit heavy and huge. Gives a feeling of nervousness while holding it without any case(as its made of glass body)4) front camera is average. Similar to OnePlus 5T I would say(not much difference)\n", "\nNever purchase from amazon, mostly products are defective and mostly there is no refund/exchange also. Instead purchase from one plus store. Be cautioud, i'm the victim, i don't others to be.\n", "\nBought this device a month ago and during first couple of days the phone was overheating while charging. Within a few days, one plus rolled out an update and after that the issue was resolved. Speaking about the pros I would say the phone justifies its price. The look and feel of the phone is truly elegant and no words for its sleekness. Some people may find it a bit bigger, but when you are in love with tech and ready to shell out 50k on a phone, these issues are negligible.Secondly, the display is sheer beauty. It's crisp and bright, and the difference is visible!I don't use the phone like a maniac, hence I get a full day backup on a single charge. And even if you are a heavy user, still a 15 minute charge is more than enough to keep you going for next couple of hours.The sound quality is also very good, thanks to Dolby Atmos.RAM management doesn't need any discussion. One plus phones are already prominent for their RAM management.Camera quality was initially on the lower side, but one plus has rolled out an update for that and, since, the camera quality has improved a lot.Lastly, the bigger screen paves way for a comfortable gaming experience.And now about the cons:The fingerprint scanner is a bit slow than the physical scanner, but the AI will get used to your fingerprints and overtime it will automatically improve. (Faced this issue was initially, but now it is quick as a Ferrari)Absence of headphone jack means shelling out extra cash for wireless headphones.No LED notification light. You have to check your phone so as to ensure you have not missed out on something.I am not a professional reviewer but I have tried my best to include my overall experience with the phone.Conclusion: One plus has, no doubt, used 'cream of the crop' ingredients to make this beautiful piece of tech. I don't have any regrets for upgrading from OnePlus 6. After all, you have to loose certain things to gain a better one!Peace.\n", '\nOverall nice phone.I bought it because I wanted a notch less and fully bazelless phone so I am happy with it though it slightly big.I personally recommend OnePlus 7 because of these reasons:-1. You can save 20 thousand rupees for same features.2. Size of the phone is more suitable and handy. OnePlus 7 pro has awkward and uncomfortable size.3. Its too heavy your wrist starts to fall when continuous usage.4.Pop up camera seems good but not reliable for long run.5. Warp charging is just a hype It takes more than 2 hours to fully charge.Some good things because of them I bought it.1. Best display with 90 Hz frame rate.2. Curved display.3. No notch.4. So basically I gave 20 thousand more for the sake of better or say best display in market right now.\n', "\nOnePlus 7 Pro is a mammoth.The closest competition - the dilemma was should I go for the pro and pay 53k or the standard version and be done within 35k or so. Both have the same heart and soul. However, a waterdrop camera is a weird prospect. That, and only that made me choose the Pro. But when I got the Pro, I realised that the screen that came with it was just fabulous. I have never seen something like this and I will not see this in any other phone this year.The real flagship - Now that I am ready to shell 53k, it made sense to rather weigh the alternatives. S10 is the obvious answer but that punch hole is a turnoff for me. And again of all the features that S10 has that the OnePlus 7 Pro lacks, headphone jack is the only one I miss. Oh, and did I tell you about the screen on the Pro.... It's gorgeous!The backroom - I have always believed that a product is a reflection of how the company thinks. Behind every great product is a group with high standard of ethics, skills and the never settle attitude. Beside Apple, I have found that in this time (June 2019) companies like OnePlus and Honor (Huawei) are frontrunners in their products as well as their vision. So go for their products. Honor does have better camera.The new OnePlus 7 Pro lacks in camera. It's the only area it lacks in. But I see promise in the brand and future updates will make it better. I believe it. The battery drains faster when you play video games or watch videos. I found my screen on time to be close to 5.5 hrs with 16% battery remaining. 20% of the time was spent on PUBG, 15% on Google Play services and a combined 20%+ on videos. I found it quite underwhelming. However, once you take a break from your phone and go for lunch or a bath, you will be surprised to see how fact it charges. 0-100 in an hour. In fact plug it in for 15mins and you will see a 30% increase in charge.Everything else works like a charm. The fingerprint sensor is great. The first few times will be erratic but then it gets accustomed to the user. Works fine from there.The sound quality is almost great. It is loud but I wished that it was a tad bit better.The Oxygen OS is doing its job as we speak. It is so natural that you might not just feel that it's not stock Android. It's very close it the stock. And it's nothing extravagant. Oxygen OS is just right...Overall, rating hereBuild 9/10 just for the lack of official IP rating.Camera 7/10 I have taken better pics from phones that cost half. Pop up camera is good.Display 10/10 can't explain why. You need to see for yourself.Charging 9/10 This thing is a monster with Warp charger. And I don't need the wireless charging.Processor 9/10 Blazing fast. Took away a point because there is always room for improvement.Value for money 8/10 the phone is great but the camera could be better. As a user, I am very satisfied. I would rather hold OnePlus 7 Pro than the Samsung S10+.Nominating the Pro for the best smartphone of 2019.Enjoy your shopping!\n", "\nIt's been a week since I bought the phone. This phone is one of the best Android phones in the market right now.Pros1) Display is the best aspect of this phone2) Performance is pretty good3) Fingerprint reader is very quick4) Dolby stereo speakers is really good5) One thing I noticed while playing Asphalt game for over an hour is that phone didn't get heated up too much6) Battery backup isn't bad. Warp charge helps in quick charging of the phone for extreme usage7) Response time of front camera is pretty goodCons1) Phone is a bit bigger2) No 3.0 mm audio jack which could have been compensated with bullets wireless earphones given the phone's cost3) Camera hardware might be really good but camera app certainly needs improvement. This is my opinion after comparing images taken with S10, S10+ and also given that OnePlus ran ads claiming OP 7 pro being used in multiple photoshootsThis phone is really worth the cost except for the camera app which I think will be improved with the upcoming updates.\n", "\nWell what to say, Oneplus has killed it its own legacy. Previously known as flagship killer for better pricing... But now meh... Looks like Oneplus is trying to go as the likes of Samsung, and Apple of being EXPENSIVE. Overall i liked the performance, it's crazy fast, 90hz refresh rate makes the overall experience much better. Charging is super fast but, but the camera could have been much better, day light photos are good but when you try to take videos with the wide angle camera, it crops the frame. Performance is top notch, display is only thing I bought this phone. Super sharp and crystal clear QHD+ Oled display gives an immersive experience while watching videos and Netflix content. But battery life should have been improved from its last counterparts. On paper its 4000 mAh but because of the display that consumes more battery, it last atleast a day barely. Oneplus need to provide some serious updates for the existing bugs and need to improve in camera department.\n", "\nIts a beast machine to be honest. more satisfying than what i  expected.it works smooth as a butter bounces when you swipe that show's how smooth it operates your every processor in a quick and promptly ways. Really worth it.what made me dissatisfied was they should atleast provide the music jack adopter were you paying 48,999 for the machine.rest everything incredible and suprisingly unexpected.charger works like it's only made for quick charging as hell.charges my battery from 1%-100% within 70-80minutes and make me use for 2 days when not on over using.\n", "\nUndoubtedly it's a product for the rationale consumers who always wants to maximize their utility against budget constraint.It may be that even the famous reviwers also somewhere divided in their opinion regarding considering one plus 7 pro as a true flagship killer or flagship itself.But,as I am not a rivewer but as a massive user of versatile phones regarding brands and variations,one thing I must say after using it no one can stop themselves to make it a permanent daily driver at least for now,that is until something powerful will come in terms of phone.It's a beast with beauty.A beautiful wait balanced, mesmerizing display, unique haptic feedback,tactile alert slider,clean and wonderfully positioned stereo speakers,fast and furious finger print sensor,superb connectivity,sweet and smooth performance, considerable battery life, fantastic ram management, decent camera wrapped with unique and silky operating system and support of one plus community...uffff ...like Shankar Mahadevan's breathless song.No one can deny its overall overwhelming performance.Though I miss 3.5 mm jack but it's ok,I can manage it.But,the customers, specially the one plus fan feel more joyous if atleast,one plus provide a headphone or atleast a connector within the box.I also use S10 plus ceramic black and iPhone X's but even after having those world's best two gadgets,I must say salute to speed and never settle!😘\n", "\nI love this mobile because it fulfill all of my requirements.I loved haptic feedback feature given by oneplus and during games like pubg it gives amazing experience.. Thumbs up for this. This device is beast for gaming.but there are some issues with this mobile..1. Camera quality is not satisfactory according to there price range.2. Too much heavy but comfortable in grip or in hold.3. Fringerprint sensor is fast and efficient but sometimes it doesn't recognize or takes time to open mobile.\n", "\nPROS:1.) The first and most basic thing is OnePlus have always met the perfect requirement of a techie like me &2.) speaking about the price it's apt for what they have provided. People who are calling it pricey please use it for a week you'll find the difference. 3.)This one's a beast it can perform any kind of activity that the current smartphones can do.4.) Camera quality is awesome you can't expect a DSLR on a phone & don't compare it with all those apples or Galaxy s10s etc because your requirement is full filled UpTo the mark by a OnePlus 7 pro.5.) The oxygen OS is the most user friendly user ever.6.) Fingerprint sensor is in-display and it is best in class.7.) The front cam is a popup cam and it's not at all having any issues it's perfect it comes out and goes in lightning fast so no lags from the face detection.8.) Display is lit 🔥 af ! Even in 60Hz it goes like buttery smooth then 90Hz I'm leaving to your imagination.9.) Buttons & Gestures are the top notch features of OXYGEN OS and you'll find them very very useful in the OnePlus 7 pro.10.) The nebula blue color is damn awesome it's really pretty cool sexy superb. I named it BLUNEY 😜CONS :1.) The one and only backdrop is that no 3.5MM headphone Jack so all your old headphones or earphones are going to be wasted or there is a requirement of a connector from type C to 3.5MM.This connector is missing in the box.& The suggestion to OnePlus is they should've given the connector or an type C earphones in the box because we are paying 58000 and that's the least we can expect.Also a display clean cloth and a 2 or 3 extras need to be added in box.To the people who are saying they are showing a cloth , a car charger , a Bluetooth earphones , etc etc in the advertisements or YouTube review videos, it's a review video or advertisement where the people are given a whole different box which is made for a review it's not a sale unit please remember thats their advertisement and review strategy !Still if you can manage with a type C to 3.5mm connector or a  type C earphones then other than that this one's the best phone I've seen. There's no other issue with it as of 1 weeks usage.\n", "\nOne plus 7 Pro. An amazing phone. A real good upgrade from the Samsung galaxy phone which I was using for about 2 year (s7 edge). It's way ahead of these Samsung crawlers in terms of speed, performance, aesthetics, versatility and price. This phone is for power users. Very fast touch experience. Really fluid display and cool on eyes. Camera is excellent especially for low lights. There are lots of aspects yet to be explored but one thing is confirmed. This phone is a quantum leap in terms of speed and response. Too good.\n", "\nMy previous device was Vivo V9.  I start regretting from the first day of V9 and then I made a promise to myself to never purchase a Vivo or Appo device.Finally, after a lot of thinking, I purchased this with my tight budget but I never regret this decision even it costed me a fortune.Pros:-1. Fastest, never hangs (except for the 2nd day of purchase, which usually happens with oneplus).2. Display is the best thing about this device. I can't get over looking the screen and my gf feel jealous of it.3. With 90Hz refresh rate, phone looks much faster (well now I hate using other devices, they seems too slow).4. Rear camera is good, works well in day as well as in night with night scape mode (though night mode is pain in the a..)5. Phone looks and feel very premium.6. Fast charging with Wrap is lightning.7. Software is the next best thing9. Loudspeakers are really awesome.10. Screen finger print gets faster with day to day uses, Haptic Vibration is very good, Alert slider is very convenient.Cons:-1. Front camera is poor but this is expected from a pop-up camera.2. Battery backup is very poor and worse if you use 90hz with UHD display.The only thing I'm disappointed from is the price drop. It hurts like hell when you purchase one on the actual price and few months after it gets discounted. Price should be constant on oneplus devices.\n", '\nThis is the best phone I ever had from one plus. Following are the pros and corns. Let me start with pros followed by corns next :Pros :1). Best in class display.  It has overtaken even the Samsung phones. However it’s AMOLED panel is made by Samsung.2).  Best camera experience. Better than Samsung S10.3).  90 Hz refresh rate on the screen. First in its segment.4). Dash Charge :  hi speed charging, achieves 100%  within an hour.5). Battery lasts for more than a day for medium to heavy usage with data on.6). Does not heat up so it’s predecessors as it comes with liquid cooling panel. Ideal for heavy gamers.Corns :1).  The device is very heavy it weighs around 210 g2). Very slippery in nature Due to its glossy finish. Back cover is must.3).  Does not fit properly in your front pocket Due to its oversize.4). Though it is made out of glass, it does not support wireless charging.5).  Does not have 3.5 MM audio jack. You need to connect wireless through Bluetooth device or through type C wired headset.\n', "\nThe most expensive OnePlus phone yet and they definitely have done a great job. The moment you look at the 90FPS AMOLED you are above to fall in love and also will be main selling reason of the phone. It definitely beats iPhone xs in terms of performance and the smoother animations certainly helps. Gaming on this amazing display is a delite and all the games works really buttery smooth. OnePlus has also improved the haptic feedback on this device tho it can not match the level of iPhone but a good change is always welcome. The phone has its downside however, first the camera. I don't see any major improvement in the camera after coming from OP 6 I still feel its kinda the same although OP has this time around went with completely different sensor. Photos from the main sensor are great with great detailing tho falls in low light situation. The telephoto lens doesn't perform that great and found images to be washed out in most scenarios tho a software update can hopefully fix this. Finger print scanner is quick but it sometimes won't recognize the finger no matter what. Battery life isn't that great but with moderate use it can go for entire day of usage. Speakers are a much upgrade from last OP devices which is now stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos on board. Speakers however do offer decent feedback and can get really loud if thats what you want.Pros:Boy oh boy that display!Performance is top notch and is certainly the best performance phone in the market today.Price; considering how expensive phones have got lately I will say OP7 pro packs a lot and will certainly make users happy.Oxygen OS - I would prefer Oxygen OS over stock Android as it offers much more than what stock has to offer without losing the minimalist charm. Oxygen OS always have provided on top time software updates which is a pro in itself.ConsCamera's could have been better.Fingerprint scanner doesn't work properly sometimes.Speakers could have been better.OP should at least provide earphones in the box considering the price they are charging.\n", "\n\xa0I know this time people might feel this mobile is over priced by oneplus, but the features this mobile has, other companies like samsung or huawei might have priced it over 80k.Fingerprint reader is definitely faster that the 1st gen used in oneplus 6t. It is much quicker now.And quick pay is nor quich launch and we can set a no. of apps from which we can choose what to open which long pressing fingerprint rrader which unlocking and swiping to select app after unlock like paytm scan, phonepe scan etcCamera is another plus.The quality is great and telephoto is cool but needs improvement thought which is easily possible via software updates.Battery life what is get is arount 6 or 6 and a half hrs screen on time with quad hd resolution with 90hz. Yes both this settings will take a lot of battery but 6 6 and a half hrs for this setting is not bad. If we turn doen to 60 hz we might net few extra hrs but believe me one you are in 90hz it doesn't feel like going back to that laggy experienceOverall a totally worth mobile for the pricetag given by oneplus is is still a lot cheaper that what other companis might have offered.\n", "\nEverything is ok  but its camera doesn't meet the requirement.. i can't tell its 50k+ device with this rubbish camera quality ..toooooo soft images ..no sharp image and less detail in camera.  Front camera is not usable ..too low quality..Even redmi note 7 pro has more detail than this camera .. this phone made fun of me among my friends in camera department.Fix the camera one plus\n", '\nPhone is good except the feature hyped like Camera and Speed. Picture quality is not so great as expected. Also the finger touch screen do sometime have issue. Last 3 days phone has started hanging / getting freezed for sometime inpite of 12GB RAM and 256GB memory. Miss my SAMSUNG features where the phone can be handled with single hand. Also for calling from second SIM dialing is must to dial from  Primary SIM first and then again from called list can dial from second sim\n', "\nReview after using the phone after 12 days.Pros:1. Beautiful display without notch/punch hole.2. Easy access to older phone stuff (basically setting up this phone was insanely easy with all the ways offered to sync your data)3. Fingerprint scanner & face unlock is super quick and secure (couple of my friends actually tried to unlock my phone with my photo.. didn't work lol)4. Audio quality from both stereo speakers and earphones in amazing.Cons:1. No 3.5mm jack or even a convertor pin out of the box (which is huge for me, I'm still stranded as there is no stock for the convertor on the official store).2. Phone is massive, just about fits in my jeans pocket.Still working on more points, the above are just from top of my mind\n", "\nHonest Review for One Plus 7 Pro :It's my first one plus phone(12GB RAM, 256GB ROM) which I bought 4 months back and I am quite happy with the design and performance of it. I will try to cover most of the positive and negative aspects of the phone.Pros :1. Speed - I have used mobile phone of every company and I must say it has the best performance ever. Apps opened in just fraction of seconds.2. Display - It has been a wonderful experience of using 90 hertz display which makes it more superior than other mobile phone displays.3. Camera - Stability of the camera is very good even you are recording video in moving vechicle.4. Notchless display - One of the coolest feature of this phone is it's full screen display without any notch which gives user an amazing experience.5. Battery - Currently, this phone has a battery back up of one and a half day. Will update it after completing 1 year.6. Fast Charging - It will take your phone to get full charge from 0 to 100 percent in just 1 hour 20 minutes. And in half an hour, it will charge your phone above 50 percent.Cons :1. Quite Heavy - As I have used number of phones I personally find it quite heavy which is due to hardware they have provided. But now I am habitual to it.2. Auto Brightness - Sometimes I feel the auto brightness feature doesn't works well. So in that case I have to manually adjust the brightness. May be oneplus can fix this issue in the upcoming software updates.3. Night mode in camera - Night mode of the camera is not that good as compared to other phones. It could be more better. May be this can also be fixed in next software update.4. Price - Upto OnePlus 6T the price of the phones were nearly 35k. This is the first phone which costs nearly 50k. Quite overpriced but value for money.5. No IP rating - Although company claims that it is water resistant but ip rating must be given by company for such a flagship phone.6. Glass panel - The phone is very slippery if you are using it without cover and back panel can easily break. Therefore, I suggest to have a good case to protect.7. No 3.5 mm jack - You have to compromise with the 3.5 mm audio jack if you want to purchase this phone. I sometimes feel there must be 3.5mm jack but then I use bluetooth earphones.To sum up, although there are number of disadvantages but still this phone is value for money. I hope this review will be helpful.\n", "\nIt's okay okay Phone nothing so much extra ordinary about op7pro in 50 k plus budget. For me i have used Lg v30 plus . I find v30 plus had better features and technologies than this one. V30 plus comes with Wireless charging  ,IP68 rating, quadack headphone jack. In 4gb ram it runs fine i have played PUBG in it for year long and never ever it said restarted . I found divice is beat underrated. If you are planning for same features go for it. Now LG v30 plus comes in 25 k . May be you can plan buy LG V40 plus in latest in OP7PRO budget with better features .Phone start working on itself.Finger sensor works only if you press rightly and tightly fingerprint sensor sucks compare to other flagship phone I will not recommend OP7 Pro.Wasted 50k.\n", '\nThis phone is at its best , no complaints apart from the camera which is a software issue and not a hardware (this can be fixed). . Many have hate comments on this phone but truth be told, they are just mindless people who bought a product without even understanding it... Such mindless people should go for an iphone 🤣🤣 and pay around 1.5 lakhs... For gamers this phone is a beast !!!!\n', "\nThis is my personal experience I am sharing. After 10days of purchase,  the phone got hanged during call, and the system didn't work for half an hour,not even power and reboot button. The problem recurred after 1 week.  After investing this big amount for a phone,  this kind of experience really gets you into trouble.Also,  would advice Amazon to extend return timeline and should give 1 month for these kind of products, as these are big investment for the user.\n", '\nFingerprint reader: Initially gave me a tough time, but guess the system is used to me now😅 works fine nowCamera: Not so happy about the video quality the images are gudBattery life: A little tweak with the system will help prolong the battery life..And about cons: Show me a mobile which has no cons,personally I am happy and pretty much satisfied with my 7 pro🥰\n', "\nAmazing display quality and the curved edged display.Best in class camera.Better battery life and charging.Everything is best except the thing that one plus hasn't provided headphones with handset..n even cleaning cloth is not there...only one transparent cover case is available..phone doesn't have headphones jack n hence it should have provided headphones.\n", '\nI am very much upset at the phones working. I have used one plus  3t, 5,  6, 6t but unfortunately this phone when in landscape mode blank screen is showing.  Being number one e-commerce site has to check in all parameters before despatch as customer buys only on name AMAZON  tag.  The set has to be replaced or repaired at doorstep by One plus. They have to sell genuine products when competitors increase\n', "\nThis is the first time I have moved away from Samsung as I have heard a lot from one plus users about it. I purchased it on 28th May as soon as Nebula blue was available. Honestly saying, I'm using galaxy notes since the launch of NOTE 1. I NEVER thought of opting out of note series. But believe me I have never used such a beautiful phone in my life. Although I have paid 50k bucks for previous phone.Keeping all pros and cons aside--This phone is A BEAST!! My favorite think about this is-- Warp charge!Com'on NO phone ever charges in less than an hour but it does. Whenever I go for bath it charges almost full and battery draining is not quick even if I stream live matches. Gone are those days when We had to worry about powerbanks charger plugs etc. I don't know about other reviewers, but for me it's totally worthy to spend 50k on this masterpiece.\n", "\nHad the 6t before this and wanted to check this phone out for it's 90 hz display and QHD+ resolution. It turns out the hype is real and once you start using this display, it's hard to use the one on the 6t or any other phone (60 hz I believe). You can actually tell the difference.The all-screen no-notch display is excellent and with 516 ppi, the display is very sharp and the performance is super fast. (I got the 12/256 version).Although you can turn the display back to output 60hz, you'll get so used to the 90hz that you'll have a hard time adjusting.Got it on the Diwali offer on Amazon with quick and damage-free delivery.Don't really use the selfie camera much on any phone, so can't really comment on that. But it does help that it's hidden on top so that you get a notch-free display. Can't comment on the back camera either as I'm not really a big photo-taking person.Should you get the 7t Pro instead of this? It depends, if you just want the McLaren edition or the 855+ chipset. Otherwise, this is an amazing option as it released just four months before and at the current price for the maxed out 12/256 version, it makes a lot of sense that you go for this.\n", "\nI bought this phone only for snapdragon 855 processor and all new 90hz display. I am satisfied with the display and the performance it provides. I don't use camera of any phone so my review will not tell about camera. But as I've seen with this phone camera quality is little bit average I'll say. This phone have some serious issues about the weight balance and absence of 3.5mm jack (adapter is not available also inbox ofcourse they want customers to spend valuable money on there brand). And non availability of 3.5mm adapter on official site is also a problem. Stereo speakers are also soo average.\n", "\nAmazing performance. Gamers are gonna love this phone. I can't believe how incredibly fast the fingerprint scanner is.When it comes to camera, no words can explain its potential. With the right knowledge of photography you can capture amazing shots. In the pro mode it provides great features where you can control the shutter speed, iso, manual focus. You can check it out in YouTube.Coming to the display its very smooth. You can only feel the difference when you have been using your phone for a couple of days and then try to use your old phone.Battery life is good. But not that great. The 90hz drains a lot of battery.Theres tons of other things that make this phone great. Or else why do you think I would be typing such a long review.So guys, if you have around 50k budget, trust me, this is the one.\n", "\nSeriously i bought this phone because i thought one plus is a true premium phone and one plus 7 pro would be a new flagship killer. Its been 2 weeks i have been this phone and started having problem with this.After the os update which one plus suggested 2 days back i have started having problems with this phone.During voice call other person voice is not clear always.Screen started hanging and many such small problems.Being such a premium smart phone manufacturer company i did not expect this issues from one plus.They always talk about the specifications and features but not about efficiency and reliability.Why such issues after every update.And i can not even see any difference after os update and update affected my phone's primary features.\n", "\n1. ScreenOMG. Use this Hulk once and you see all the other devices as tiny toddlers. Screen is the next Generation feature and it's absolute delight to watch youtube on this.2. Oxygen OSConfigurable. Sleek. Ease of use. It's addictive3. Top notch configWeather it's 12 GB RAM, 256 GB ROM or 30 htz Warm charging. It's top notch industry leading configuration. What more you will ask for?No wireless charging. No IP certification. Not required and no body cares.OnePlus becomes a market leader with this dream phone.\n", "\nPRO's1.Display- Stunning it is the Best Display Today2.Design and Build Quality- It will blow u out3.Perforamce- The Fastest Android Phone no need to say Snap 855 with Oxygen OS Deadly Combination Absolutely Beast4.Camera- It is the Only department Where it is behind Pixel or Galaxy Note or Apple or Huawei Flagships Still it is not deal Breaker5.Audio-Stereo Speakers Damn Loud6.Vibration-Just Amazing Haptic feedback7.Connections-Call Quality brilliant Tested with Airtel and Idea networks8.Battery- Will get uu 1 day mostly and Warp Charging it will take 0-100 percent for about 80 mins initial 80% will be charged in 50 mins but last 20% takes 30 minsCON's-1.Biggest Con is No 3.5 headphone jack nor type C earphones in box2.No Wireless Charging not usefull though3.No official IP rating could have given by them4.Bit on a Expensive Side by OnePlus5.No Gorilla Glass 6 Which is Shocking\n", "\nThis is beautiful gem. I ordered it even after knowing of all the issues people are facing on it, I was little afraid but thank God I am not facing any such issues, no ghost touch, no battery drain etc. Camera might not be good for people who regularly use high end devices, but it's not bad. The overall experience is just amazing be it sound from speakers, the beautiful display and the smoothness of OS' transition animations, and ofcourse the new haptic feedback motor is amazing, it makes the overall experience even better. If you have money to spend, don't hesitate and go for it.\n", "\nWorks like charm..... #oneplus Never makes their customer down...... But shows lill bit of sadism in releasing colours.... Overall im very satisfied wid CAMERA:- not soo wide angled but its great nd no additional things added jst like oneplus 6 nd 6 and front popup camera works fine and crystal clear images can be takenBATTERY:-works great whole day and heres a tip use fhd+ and 60hz refresh rate for better battery backup when u needy.....PERFORMANCE:- ONEPLUS never settles as it says..... Even i use 6gb ram not even small lag detectedStereo speakers and dolby atmos... Even there is no overhead speakers they managed well to cover it... Wat ever its a small defect but it works wellOverall it's great product from oneplus and  #NEVERSETTLE\n", "\nGreat device you can buy on this OnePlus 6th anniversary sale at Amazon...(I bought it at 41,000 Rs 8gb+256 gb version with grey color) .After Android 10 update this device become super cool in every aspect ( with little bit tweaks and tricks).Pros : -1. Great display with dolby atmos sound support2. Fast charging feature 0-100% charge is done within an hour3. Fast fingerprint scanner4. UFS 3.0 support is great.5. Smooth gaming Experience6. Face unlock with pop up camera is COOL😎Cons : -After using Samsung device with oneui I feel Samsung is better in lots of factors, but this device is great if you considered its price.After buying this device Im very happy with this device. Great work done here specially in OnePlus 7 pro device from OnePlus Team ... I'm not lying but this is what I am imagine after I saw OnePlus 6 model coz this device makes great leap in every aspect from its predecessor models and fullfilled my 80 % of wishlist related smartphone.Thank You OnePlus and Thank You Amazon for making this happen!!! 😍😍😍🙏\n", "\nWorst camera quality...... I thought I m getting the best phone but it's the worst one.... Plz do go for this mobile. With the amount of hype they made in media it's just a wastage of money. This is not a trusted brand to go for. Even I don't like to one star rest of the phone in the market will give the best phone with lots of features like vivo, oppo or Samsung. I raised a compliant with the tech team and will take it media for cheating us. I suggest all who are having the same problem take this to media in all forum, so that this company oneplus will understand and will do the needful. If not we have lots of ways to make them understand and return our money.\n", "\nI've been an iPhone user for more than a decade and this is my secondary phone. I'm writing this review after having used the One plus 7 pro for over 2 months. This is possibly the best overall phone available in the market if the price is taken into consideration.Pro:Good camera for recreational use. (Not for photography enthusiasts).One of the best refresh rates. Makes the entire experience of using the phone seamless.The screen quality is amazing.The phone feels well built and almost premium quality.No NOTCHThe OS is one of the best I've used. Closer to the original android.Curved screen and 90 GHz refresh rate make it the best phone around for video viewing.Unbelievably Fast ChargingCons:The camera is not at the level of other flagships. It tends to correct photographs too much. If you're looking to click accurate pictures its not the best one out there.The phone is quite heavy.\n", '\n1.) CAMERA QUALITY IS GOOD BUT VIDEO RECORDING CONTINUES NOT WORKING PROPERLY WITHIN 25 SECOND RECORDING ONLY.2.) MOVIE SEE IN MOBILE NOT PROPERLY BECAUSE MOBILE SCREEN AGAIN AND AGAIN SMALL SCREEN DIVERT.3.) MOBILE TOUCH WORKING MISSING.4.) YOUTUBE SHOW WIRELESS HEADPHONE AND 2 EXTRA COVER WITH PHONE BUT NOT RECEIVED WITHTHIS PHONE.\n', "\nI had purchased one Plus 7 pro 8 GB Almond color from Amazon based on a friend's suggestion but totally regret the purchase. I'm a new user for One Plus & previously owned Apple, Vivo,Letv, Coolpad, Samsung, Honor, Motorola,Xolo,etc.,never experienced such an awkward performance in those mobile's. Spending half a Lakh Indian rupees on this mobile the File manager videos file's takes time to load in order to open the same, While on call second call gets answered automatically, Both front & Back camera clarity are not up to the mark & there are lots of other issues while using the mobile I'm not at all happy using this device & feel like exploited for buying a premium range mobile with a basic mobile's performance. Need a solution for the same at the earliest.\n", "\nOk first let me tell you something. All the negative reviews are before the OTA update. So if you are wondering whether to buy it or not, don't think again. This mobile is a beast.Pro'sTop class displayNo notchesVery Good battery. Getting 7.5 hrs SOT with 90hz+ QHDStereo Speakerssplash resistantOxygen OS (I am sure it will go till Android 12)Super fast indisplay Finger print scannerCon'sNo headphone jack. Not even converter provided. I thought there will be one.Pretty Okish Camera. Hoping for some good OTA updates.No LED notification lightFinally Camera to Api is enabled. So install Gcam and it will do wonders.\n", "\nThis is my first phone in the premium category and I'm glad I went ahead with investing those extra 20000 rupees for a phone. 12 GB of RAM will look after every thing that you can ever ask of a phone. I had no idea of what difference a screen of 90Hz refresh rate or 60Hz meant. But after using this phone and having seen my friend's 6T I can say that a 90 Hz screen is so buttery smooth that it spoils you. Fingerprint scanner has gotten better with every touch. Battery performance isn't too great but it does charge lighting quick. The curved screen and the Fluid Amoled Display just packs that final punch.It's not always we think of going for a 50k+ phone and if you're thinking of upgrading your phone and have the budget, go for OP7Pro without any apprehensions.Edit: I'm no pro photograper but the camera seems to be better with additional features after the Android 10 update.\n", '\nGood phone. - Review after usage for a week.Best Full screen display i have used till now. Soo smooth(90hz refresh rate is a killer one).Camera is pretty good than the other mid-range phones (15 to 25k).Battery performance is nice. got full day(morning 9am to night 11pm) battery with single charge. (Since it is a new phone im spending more time with it, still battery is preforming nicely. im getting up to 7 hrs for screen usage time, with regular usage of whatsapp, instagram, facebook, insthorts, camera, photos, google news, Pubg(2 rounds), youtube (up to 30 mins), phones call of upto 20 mins) - Refresh rate - 90hz.\n', '\nI always have avoided oneplus so far just because how they call themselves flagship killer but yet miss on so many items, but with pro version oneplus has upped the game this year giving a tough competition to all the other flagships put there.Pros at a glance1. Worlds first phone with UFS 3.0, the phone is stupendously fast.2. QHD Screen with 90hz refresh rate, a very first on oneplus device. Once you get used to 90hz display all the other phones will be a joke in terms of scrolling performance.3. Great camera. Camera is great , though not to the level of many other flagships its great and there will gcam mods which will improve the quality.4. Stereo Speakers, again a very first on oneplus device, excellent quality.5. SD855 onboard.6. Warp Charge at 30W is sufficient enough to compensate the battery performance with 90hz displayCons at a glance1. No headphone jack.2. No type C to 3.5mm cable atleast.3. The phone is heavy.4. No OTG adapter.\n', "\nOne of the best screen I've seen on a phone. Camera is brilliant, even in low light. Was skeptical initially due to some bad reviews, but contrary to those I don't see any issues so far. Been using for four days and tested out most of the features and loved almost everything about the phone, except for the weight. Battery life with 60Hz at this resolution is quite remarkable. 90Hz pushed through a day, but on 60Hz it's a breeze for day and half. I did notice few software glitches after the latest update while sharing cam clicked images via WhatsApp, but was fixed after a reboot. So no complaints there as well. Overall, find it worth for the money paid.\n", '\nI was littlebit sceptical after reading some genera and negative reviews about it on the amazon as well as on YouTube...but after i used for 2 days ...i am loving it... camera has gone better after latest update ...and.....and this thing is pure Butter. Go for it....Best in its  class....not regretting a penny in 49k i spent....no issues yet\n', '\nOrdered the phone on 16th.In love with the phone!THANK YOU AMAZON FOR SPEEDY DELIVERY. GOT IT DELIVERED AT 6:30 AM NEXT DAY!!!Yes it is little bulky and huge but i dont think any phone having more than 6 inch screen can be used by single hand.I have comparitively large hands and still 5.5 inch screen handling was difficult.Charging and phone Speed is Blazing fast. And display is beautiful and buttery smooth. Dont think any phone has this smooth touch!It lived to all my expectations and was worth the wait.My friend used my phone for a while and bought one for himself too!Highly recommend the phone to people looking for flagship phone.Remember, it is flagship phone with amazing hardware and features and hence the price. :-)\n', "\nOneplus has really gone and done it this time around. So here's the review - Display - 10/10 (This is by far the best display in the market. Take my word for it  no youtube videos can show you the smoothness  that its 90hz display provides and is also a HDR 10+ display) Design - 9/10 ( The edges weren't really required but the still look really good) Battery - 7/10 ( the 90 hz display sucks alot of juice) Gaming - 10/10 ( by far the smoothest gaming experience i have had on a mobile device. I also own an iphone X and its even smoother than the X in gaming)All in all my only problem was the lack of a headphone jack and rest i am really satisfied with the purchase.\n", "\nS10(+) vs OP7Pro.. I chose this since it's superior in the OS, Warp charge, SD855 gaming and few more. It also matches up with its OLED display to the major flagships out there. Battery life looks good on my device atleast, Charges blazing fast. UI with this display is buttery smooth. These pop up cameras are fun and sturdy. Fingerprint reader feels faster over the OP6t. Camera quality is not up to the DXO mark, but would be improved by software updates which are seamless on 1+ devices\n", "\nLoved it. But it has its own pros n cons. Best screen ever, with Dolby stereo speaker really awesome performance while playing games like pub g and call of duty. I have been using since two weeks now never felt a lag. But price is too high. It doesn't have notification light, no 3.5mm headphone jack,  battery drains fast. but it last for 1day. And having a warp charger it cahrge the device very fast.\n", '\nTwo days as of now, simply best resolution yiu can get, will get a feeling of using 2phones, damn similar to s9plus edge.Well done ome plus. Camera has been improved , and yeass Nebula blue is the sexiest and the most unique color u will see.Feature wise, as they have mentioned its completly worthy.Just a upsetting about the potrait rear camera, hope they solve in update.\n', "\nThe first time i bought OP7pro. I was shipped with a defective unit. The screen had burn in issues. I just don't get it. If i am the first owner of the phone, how can it have screen burn in. It is something, that develops gradually on prolonged use. Maybe they are selling refurbished ones in offers. I filed for a replacement. And its working great.The phone is great in all aspects. Just the battery time is a bit less. My unit also registers false touches while charging.The design is fabulous and fragile. ✌️Update-Initially I gave it a 5star rating, then reduced one for the 3.5mm jack and battery.\n", "\nIt is one hell of a beast.. and icing on the cake.. it's got 12Gigs of Ram..!! Great Camera.. gets better with every update.. Gaming is next level.. Pubg, COD, Asphalt you name it.. plays crazy with zero lag and Hdr.. Battery 7-8 hours on heavy usage.. but, that doesn't matter when I can warp charge it to 75%  in 30 mins..!! Hence 5 stars.Oxygen Os.. refined and customised for daily use..Display is a whole different story.. beautiful Amoled display.. for movies or Netflix.. no drop in framerate whatsoever.. It's a beauty..!!If planning to get it just go for it..!! Highly recommend it !!\n", "\nFinger print reader is buttery smooth , camara quality is good but not excellent needs some more improvement. 1and half days of battery life. It depends on how you use the phone. If gaming is your priority it is smooth and fast but battery won't last long. Warp charger is fast . While charging phone heats up and automatically cools down at a percentage. By keeping in 90 Hz and resolution to auto switch it saves battery.The main flaw is no 3.5 mm jack, no type c to 3.5mm adaptor provided in the package .  Tempered glass not available for the phone in their website too.( If they are releasing a phone they should have accessories too but in OnePlus all accessories are out of stock). Price of the product is high. If they are pricing high they should have provided the adaptor for 3.5 mm jack , tempered glass and headsets in the package .\n", '\nused for a weekPros :1) specs2) speed3) displayCons :1) display is too long , a feature like "bring the display down while double tapping home button" is needed2) volume up and down is sturdy and slow , i have to install a android app for controlling volume now3) no headphone jack, no HEADPHONE CONNECTOR also (i have to buy new one)4) phone lags on usage while warp charging.5) fingerprint reader works great for my right thumb , but for other fingers i have to try 3 times\n', "\nIt's a beast.Exceeding all your expectations.Worth every penny.Jus hooe you may secure the phone.There's a pre installed screen guard tepered glass.Such a goot battery backup with the best charging speed.I recoreded on my watvh it have 38 mins for full charge frome 20%Camera is just worth it better than googlepixel just a bit down in protrait.Only drawback is you don't get earphones. Which OnePlus should have given in this pricerange.Hiving 5 stars on the basis of using ohone for 3 days.Worth it.\n", "\nI would like to say that this is not an 'out of world' product as you see in most of the reviews. The one and most amazing aspect I like about this product is its display for which I would give 4.5/5 compared to iPhone XS Max display which would be 4/5 according to my experience.  In performance factor also I would say that this will be the fastest phone I have ever used. Apart from these 2, this phone is just like any other Android phone in this price range or slightly above. The camera is just an average component and cannot be called as a flagship feature here (except night shots are pretty amazing though). The size is also quite huge that its difficult to operate it with just one hand. Charging is pretty decent and would take around .1 - 1.15 hours from 0-100. Battery back is the same as that of one plus 6t which will last for a day with a full charge and medium usage. Overall I would say this is an okayish product but not an amazing product from the future.\n", "\nRubbish item!!!!! No data security . Phone gets unlocked by anyone , only thing u will have to do is just don't let the secondary camera pop up (by applying finger pressure over camera)after u press power button for 3-5 seconds. See and enjoy the magic!!!!!!\n", "\nThis was a great deal offered by Amazon. The phone quality is top notch. 90hz screen refresh rate gives a buttery smooth experience while using the apps which support it. In-display fingerprint reader is relatively fast and accurate. Haptics is improved and precise but not as good as iPhone which is a lot more expensive.Battery life is not awesome but decent as it drains out faster when the phone is used heavily while playing games. Although the warp charging does really help out here. The phone charges upto 50% in under 20 mins. This 50% lasts quite a while when used judiciously.Camera quality is decent again. Photos come out crystal clear and sharp in good lighting. Night photos are not very clear and have a lot of grain. Inbuilt night mode provides a brighter image but still there's grain visible in the photos. Selfie camera is also good. There is the motor noise when the selfie camera pops up and down. I dont recommend using the pop up camera for unlocking the phone.Considering the price, I would recommend this phone to anyone with this budget. This is 2019's best phone afterall.\n", "\nStarting with the camera quality, the phone takes gorgeous pictures. Within three weeks, OnePlus has send more than three updates centered on the camera and it gets better and better. Photos are sharp, colors a bit vibrant but I love it, video quality is better than any phone. Portraits are somewhat average, but that is true for any smartphone. Selfies too are of very good quality, and support nightscape.In very low light (almost pitch black with a few lights in the distance) the phone performed better than my expectations but I rarely use it for such situations. In normal low light (clubs, dimly lit rooms) it performs very well. I have attached a lot of camera samples. The best part about the OnePlus 7 Pro is the sharp quad HD display and with the 90Hz display, you can't stop just scrolling through your phone because it's so smooth and addictive. Everything from 4k videos to just the wallpapers look mesmerizing on this phone. The chin of the phone is also almost non existent, like the iPhone X.The fingerprint reader is very fast but takes more than one try with wet hands.The battery lasted much longer than the reviews said, easily finishing one day (and more than one with moderate usage and the battery saver turned on).The performance is just mind-numbingly fast. I realised its importance while opening PayTm which would always open slowly on my previous phone. No lag whatsoever.OxygenOS is a big reason to consider this phone because it is much better than the OneUI or Oppo/Vivo's wierd UIs.The only complaint I have is that OnePlus did not include a headphone jack converter in the box and the official converter on their website is out of stock. I tried a few cheap converters but sound quality was very bad. This is a trick for me to buy their new Bluetooth earphones WHICH I WILL NOT.Anyway the speaker quality is very very rich and good with Dolby Atmos so I can manage till I buy a pair of other Bluetooth earphones.\n", "\nThis phone is awesome, but I can't really use my headphones right now because I didn't get a 3.5mm to USB Type C cable. I tried buying it on the OnePlus official website but it is out of stock.The 90Hz refresh rate and everything else about this phone is fantastic.I bought the 12GB variant and I guess it is completely worth, since it gives a tough competition to premium flagships of Samsung and Apple.I play a lot of video games and I find this phone perfect for a person like me.While playing heavy-duty games like PUBG or Fortnite, the battery drains a bit fast but you can charge it from 0-100 in an hour.The screen is really huge, and because of its features I guess the phone weighs a bit more than other phones do.I would definitely recommend buying this phone to my friends or colleagues.\n", "\nThe phone is absolutely FANTASTIC! Works like a charm. The best thing is the display! Nothing comes close to this!A few cons I noticed are:1. The phone is kinda long from the usual ones.2. It's heavy (especially since I jumped from Oneplus 3 - 150g to oneplus 7 pro - 200g)4. The case that comes with this is slippery so better to buy a new one. I'm looking for one now too.5. The battery seems to go down a little faster to my liking with the 90Hz on. I haven't tried 60Hz yet thanks to the WARP charger.\n", "\nI read more reviews on this phone and saw many videos of reviews and tech experts many of them say that it's the best phone in Android. As they mentioned seriously it's the really the best phone. Best features. I took 8gb ram 7 pro.1. Display, 2. Touch, 3. Camera, 4. Speed, 5. Design, 6. Battery life, 7. Fast charge.Drawbacks1. No headset jack.2. Portrait mode is only for limited distance.3. Memory card slot.As it is the premium phone and paying 53k we expect basic things like headset jack or the headset. But didn't even give the music jack connector.All the premium phones have wireless features but we miss in this phone. Hope it comes in next version.\n", "\nJust one word . Amazing.  The speed is terrific and the response from the insane machine is mind boggling . It switches from tab to tab like lightning . Front camera is a pop but have no fear.  It's well designed and has fall prevention sensor . Phone doesn't have headphones slot and hence need to use wireless . Sound and video clarity is beautiful . I would suggest this phone to people like me who still believes in Android and for the love of Goodies it offers .\n", "\nI am very happy with the product. But what's the meaning of phone without headphone jack or connector. If we are buying the phone of 50000, the company cant even provide us the connector for earphone? I would suggest not to go for this phone until and unless they have a solution for this. Before buying this phone just think why didn't they provide Type C earphone or connector. If we are spending more than 30K on any phone. We expect all accessories for the same.\n", "\nIt is my costliest ever phone and while reading couple of reviews, I was a bit sceptical on ordering.But finally ordered and a big surprise. I live in tier 3 city and the phone was scheduled to be delivered the very next day. Such super fast delivery has never been heard. I was able to reschedule the delivery date easily on chat with customer care executive. Excellent.. Pros .1. Outstanding display. The quality of the display can not be told in words . It has to be experienced to feel.2. Camera quality. The default 12MP pics are sharp and feel life like. The 48MP in Pro mode is somey out of this world.3. Battery. The 4000 mAh battery is more than enough for a normal user ever at QHD and 90 refresh rate. If you need to last longer, just reduce the screen resolution. The battery was 67% when I received the phone. Even after 1 system update install, 20 app updates from playstore, and setting up the entire phone, the battery stands at 31% after 17 hrs of starting the phone for first time. Great.4. Hardware. The SD855 is more than sufficient for most users while perfect suited for a heavy user.5. Warp charger supplied with phone.6. Thick transparent cover supplied and has cuts at right places which don't obstruct the moving front camera.Cons1. Pricey.2. The pre applied screen protector is good for nothing. It already had bubbles in it and within 6hrs of receiving, it had worked loose from all 4 corners. It won't last long and will surely peel off soon.3. Nothing supplied. At 53k, leave a wireless headphone, it doesn't ships with even a wired headphone.4. Packaging could've been better while shipping a 53k phone. Even a 200 Rs phone cover has better packing. No bubble wrap to prevent jerks and shocks. Just a Amazon branded cardboard and nothing else.Desired.1. Wish it had shipped with a wireless headphone.2. A pre applied 3d tempered glass for better protection.Update. All this is rubbish. The phone has developed a fine green line at the edge of display and within 4 months of purchase, the display nuas to be changed. And as always, service center terms this as physical damage and refuses to honor warranty.Never ever buying OnePlus. Even a phone worth 4000 doesn't has problems in 4 months.\n", '\nFeels very premium to hold and the 90 hz refresh rate is just too good.. feel like its a bit over priced.. and for those who expected 2 cases and wireless earphones, its a special review package which is clearly told by the presenter.. there is no earphone or even 3.5 mm earphone adapter which should be bought from after market.. All the functions of the phone works like a breeze.. no issues so far.. overall its a good phone..\n', "\nThe OnePlus 7 pro is a large phone at 6.7 inches. It is heavier than you'd expect and is a little difficult to use single handedly. The bezel less screen sometimes makes it hard to use gesture navigation. Besides this there is literally nothing to complain about. The phone is incredibly fast, the display is incredibly satisfying, the camera is great even if it isn't the absolute best, and the UI is brilliant.Recommend to anyone looking for a phone in this price range if one handed use is not a big concern.\n", "\nGreat phone and awesome performance.. Tested it with all kind of games and applications... Now without wasting any time I would like to share pros and cons :Cons-1. Average battery life (6 hrs SOT)2. Average camera quality (improved with the latest update)3. Dust magnet. I have covered Op7 pro with in box cover and also tried ringke cover but dust is all over the phone. Pop up camera also covered in dust.4. Side curves aren't the best thing in this mobile.5. Fingerprint sensor is not so good and responded in 2 3 attempts.Pros -1. Fantastic performer.2. Awesome screen. Loved the 90hz thing. Very quick in response.3. Nightscape mode is awesome after update. Compared with s10+ and difference are unimaginable. Op7 pro's images are better and clearer than s10+. You can see the difference of HDR+ images.4. Oxygen os is far better than stock android.5. Stereo speakers are upto the mark. Compared with other dual speakers phone and sound is clear and easily heard in crowded places.6. Using type C bullet earphones with this and get awesome output from device.In the end it is the user liking or disliking about this specific device. Some people impressed with the image quality and some aren't. Some people liked the sound and some referred it as a noise. Build quality is upto the mark. Tried it with water splash and phone is working fine. Pop up camera is not the feature a user can buy this phone for.Although i am using this phone as daily driver and it is the best device in this price range if performance is taken for the benchmark.\n", "\nJust single drop of rain destroyed my ONEPLUS 7PRO. I WENT TO ONE PLUS SERVICES STATION THEY SAID THEY CAN'T DO ANY THING I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO NOW.\n", "\nAfter switching from Galaxy S7, This phone is an absolute beast and  worth every penny. True flagship phone at an affordable price.Pros :1) Fantastic Display and really enjoyed reading on this phone . 90Hz mode makes scrolling super smooth.2) Super fast charging3) Battery lasts whole day even  with heavy uses4) Oxygen OS is very very smooth without any bloatware5) Snapdragon 855 with  UFS 3.0 storage makes everything very very fast and smooth.Cons :1) Camera performance is not in the same level as Galaxy S10 plus and Iphone XS but couldn't complain at this price point2) Due to its huge size, it is heavy and one-handed operation is sometimes difficult3) No waterproof IP ratingsOverall, absolutely happy with the phone and couldn't ask for better phone at this price .\n", '\nFirst of all thanks for choosing me as ur review handle!!So this phone is for those who have some big hands not for the small hands...[ Overall review of OnePlus 7 Pro ]∆ Advantage• As OnePlus said it\'s truly a bezeless phone!• It\'s "Beyonds the speed"• Nebula Color is Best !!• Camera Is All Good!!• Many thinngs Are Good !!∆ Disadvantage• At price of 53000/- in they should provide Headphone in box!!• It\'s a little Heavy as compare to other smartphone!• No clean Cloth in Box!!∆ Most important points!!• 90 refresh rate is awesome 😍• Battery Backup + Charging is Quick!!• It Some time get a little hot maybe due to temp of 50* Celsius in Jodhpur!!So if u have a budget of 45000/-+ u should go with OnePlus 7 Pro and u will be satisfy at least 4 years!!× Compare ×• OnePlus 7 Pro is much better than Samsung S10+ & IPhone Xr which is much higher as compare to OnePlus in price!!\n', "\nJust changed over to OP7 pro from hauwei mate 20 pro. Not bcs my mate was bad. But my wife liked it and broke her op 5t.So points I felt1. Make no mistake phone is huge2. Display is stunning. The best.3. Finger print very consistent4.  Camera. Is hit and miss. Sometimes images are stunning. Other wise very cartoony5. Battery is average. Nothing to worry. But nothing to rejoice. Recharging is super fast6. Because of curved display lot of unintentional palm touches.7. Gaming is excellent8.speakers are stunning9. no headphone jack. And it's not gonna come back into any top tier phones. So not an issue.Over all Good. Not as satisfied as my Mate 20 proBcos.1. Mate 20 pro was super to hold it. Slightly smaller almost perfect2. No IR blaster in OP7 pro3. Nightmode is so artificial4. Faceunlock is scary bcs everytime the camera come out it's a small worry somewhere in my mind Even though I know it's good to last5. No IP ratingoxygen OS is very good. But I don't think that's the one reason you should buy it. My friend has k20 pro with Nova launcher and it's almost as fast as my OP7pro.Bottom line .. buy it for display. Buy size s a worry.Buy it for oxygen.. but you can get this performance even with 31k k20 pro with launcher.Buy it for multimedia and gamesNot for camera.You will be satisfied with OP7 pro. No doubt!!!\n", '\nThe battery life is amazing, i got nearly 9hrs of SOT, performance is top notch, no lag, Dolby Atmos is amazing for the supported content.Camera quality is not up to mark only con from my last 5 days usage.Overall satisfied with the build quality, performance and battery managementUpdate-After the recent update 9.5.7 the camera performance increased drastically. On par with high end phones.\n', "\nThis is my first OnePlus DeviceAnd I can say this is the best phone I have ever used .The 90hz display is amazingI can guarantee once you started using the phone on 90hz you can't go back to lower refresh rate.. you will feel and can see the other phones lagging..Camera is not up to the mark but the latest update improve a lot .. and can be better in next updates..Battery life is good ... Not the best due to higher refresh rate and quad hd resolution.. but if you want good battery life you can do so by changing the screen resolution to full HD+ and the refresh rate to 60hz..The fingerprint is super fast..And the WARP Charge , this is amazing..The phone charges very quickly..Oxygen Os is awsm.. (best os ever)Weight - the phone is a lit bit heavy.. but if you use the case you wont feel it heavy..\n", "\nFast and great phoneFast chargingOk camera better in gcam appBattery is not great in 90hz displayYou change to 60hz and battery saver it helpsAnd 90hz display is really great really smoothIt's offering a lot of value for the priceBecause the s10 iPhone are way more expensiveAsus Zenfone 6 and k20 pro all have regular diaplays that's why their cheapThis has a oled (very good )The os is really good better than stock AndroidLot of featuresIf you have the money go for it\n", '\nFull 5 ✳️.. also my 1st Oneplus...Touch sensibility 5/5Gaming 5/5Camera 4.5/5 (cartoon type pictures)Vibrator engine 5/5Screen ratio 5/5Battery backup 4/5 . (For 90hz refresh rate more power consumption)U have the bucks. Go for it.\n', "\nI ordered my OnePlus 7 Pro with lot of doubts in mind specially it not being water resistant and camera quality in previous versions.I highly recommend the OnePlus 7pro and writing this review so it might help others .Pro-1) Screen - Best Screen so far on any phone and with 90Hz refresh rate it is best mobile to play games with . I love playing PUBG and Asphalt 9 on Top setting and Result are terrific.2) Portrait Mode - OnePlus has never been the Best Camera device in market but OnePlus7pro has one top notch portrait mode. You will love taking Portrait in this device.3) Speed - With Latest 855 Snapdragon , I never laid hands on such smooth Android device . I can directly compare smoothness to IphoneX on this device.4) Built Quality - OnePlus 7 Pro has very strong built quality which I found very impressive. I did checked out YouTube videos to found its durability and was impressed.5) OxygenOS: With OxygenOS the experience of Android is smooth as silk.Cons :Water Proof : Only reason to not buy this mammoth phone . I was planning Huawei P30 Pro but then we have water proof cases for that purpose.Fingerprint Sensor : It does seems temperamental at times .Headphones : No Headphone Provided with devices and No Headphone Jack . Seriously heavy disappointment.Wireless Charging : Wireless Charging is a show off feature. We all know it's very slow but it does look good to flaunt.Weight : If you don't prefer Heavy phones , let this go . ONEPLUS 7pro is 200 gms and definitely feels heavy . Though I found  myself attracted to heavy phones .Review : If Best camera is priority  and you do tend to take underwater photography seriously, Spend 20K Extra for Huawei P30 Pro.OnePlus 7pro has a great camera , it's 3x zoom and bokeh is awesome . And is a great device , if you are looking for Good Camera , Super Cool Build and Best Performance.Speed is what OnePlus were really always selling here. This time they really went Beyond Speed.\n", "\nThe phone is very good. Two weeks of usage and there is no problems with my unit. Camera is good, not awesome neither aweful as some reviewers advertised. Battery life is good but not great, the best part is the display that can be termed awesome. Overall a good phone to have but there are other alternatives if you are willing to go.Features:1. Flagship processor and built2. Awesome Display3. Good Battery life4. Good Camera performance (didn't expect to be good because of some biased reviews)5. Nebula is the new favourite6. Oxygen Os\n", "\nThe battery back up on the so called 4000 mAh is only 7 hours. This 7 hours is with just 20 minutes screen usage.Raised a replacement request with Amazon. The technician who was supposed to visit on the scheduled day called up and mentioned that battery issue can come up because of apps and also the screen resolution. I have been using one plus 5t and it lasted 20-25 hours with the same usage and same applications. I had to put all my applications in optimise in the 7 pro to keep the battery last till evening. My friends using one plus 7 (not the pro) did not face any issue and their batteries lasted for over 20 hours.The worst part on Amazon's side is that the technician did not turn up and I got an email saying I was not reachable. When I contacted the technician he mentioned that he was busy with other customers and so he turned down my req. Now Amazon calls me back the next day from some unknown number and asks me for my details to place this technician request.Why playing cheap tactics to avoid replacement amazon by extending the dates ?\n", "\nThe phone is worth of money .I have seen on youtube they provide headphones and car dash charger with two extra cover.But i didn't get any of them totally disappointed with one plus team.If they are not giving such things then they should not show such things in their videos along with box .\n", '\nEverything was great. This is my first OnePlus device and I really love it. Some people complaint some things in review section but if you want to get good quality product then ignore those negative reviews and go for it.\n', "\nProduct is awesome but delivery was delayed.the first thing you'll notice is that it is blazing fast. The camera pops up everytime for facial unlock which looks a little bothering somehow otherwise this phone is power packed. Battery life will go on for more than a day for me easily with daily chores on my phone as I am not a gamer.\n", "\nI have been using OP7 Pro for last 7 days and I found performance of the phone, camera, battery live up to OP expectations until 7th days.  I witnessed a song app is playing music even after I killed all the process. As last step, I restarted the phone and to my surprise phone got stuck at restart for a minute or so without doing anything. After couple of minutes, I see screen going blank and photo just died. It won't start whatever you do. I finally found that this is a happening to many OP7 Pro phones and way to recover is pressing Power and Volume up key.Overall very disappointed . This has made me think if we should even trust and buy any more OP phone at all.I also found that once you purchase a phone through Amazon, it is not easy to return a defective phone. Even if you are still within 10 day return window, you cannot just ask for a replacement for defective phone. You have to spend good amount of time with Amazon customer service who will get a technician to visit you and find all ways not to accept the return which is very disappointing.So, firstly it is good to avoid this model till OP fixes this issue. If you still want to buy it, better buy it from retain stores and not online because you will be stuck with this product even if you don't want to.\n", '\nThis is my personal review after 2 days of usage and one thing is for sure , that this is the BEST DISPLAY ever, just like said at the event "FAST AND SMOOTH". Watching series/movies is a pleasing experience and hands on to One plus for that.The performance is smooth and amazingly fast as always with OP. They are Masters in this segment.I saw many comments on social media regarding the average battery backup, yes it is true but with WARP CHARGING it doesn\'t really matters. It is more than a balance to me. I won\'t mind burning more battery for a smoother experience which is new and missing with other brands.The biggest drawback I felt is the Camera. The pop up camera has got too much crop and if you open the video then you might end up shooting yourself only. The Rear camera too needs some optimisation which I am sure we will see soon.One thing which I want to bring in notice is the "NIGHTSCAPE" mode in Rear camera, it was working good before the first update and as soon I updated it , the quality went down. Same is with the normal one as well.One thing I felt which should have been given is the Type-C to 3.5mm jack cable, that was indeed missing. Rest everything is just perfect.Overall I will give it "4 stars out of 5". Deducted one because of the camera, was expecting a better one with OP7 pro atleast. I am optimistic that OP will come up with a strong solution soon. 🖖🖖\n', '\nFirst have to give Amazon five stars for delivering this item on promised one-day delivery. Bought this phone as an replacement to my iPhone 6 (128 GB) & Coolpad note 3. My iPhone was draining battery in half a day; running basic call & messaging funcions slower.OnePlus 7 pro is an worthy replacement. My cousin recommended it. She bought for 53,000 approx; I bought for 4,000 RS less. It\'s fast, has edge to edge bigger screen; dual SIM and very long battery life. It runs PUBG as smooth as silk. Most wonderful of all is "Warp Charging". This makes my experience, just awesome.The latest update has changed cool airplane-mode animation (road appearing/disappearing). Loved that animation.The item was out for delivery@3:34PM; called the delivery man but call didn\'t go through; twice. The delivery was attempted @5:40, when no one was home. Delivery man called; I told him to re-attempt any time, same day, anytime 45min-1 Hr later. That\'s when he insisted that I collect from neighbor; I wanted it to collect in person, so I refused. He told me he\'ll deliver the next day; I refused.Through chat then in-app helpline call; was told delivery man was off duty. Then I gave an ultimatum that either the item be re- attempted or order be cancelled. Was ready to bid goodbye Amazon forever; deleting all saved cards, except the one for recovery of payment. Amazon personnel called back & resolved that deliveryman will re-attempt.Amazon really treats it\'s customers like A King. Made my experience with them awesome. This close to decision to never buying anything from Amazon again; this close to Amazon loosing a loyal customer for life. My loyalty to this brand of online shopping, became stronger due to customer- delight attitude of Amazon.Had bought a range of items from Amazon over the years; mostly electronics like headphones from leading brands like Sony, Bose, Sennheiser, etc phones like Coolpad note 3, iPhone 7, iPad 6th gen, Samsung M20, now OnePlus 7 pro. Love you Amazon. You are really A->Z (A through Z). This is the best online shopping experience ever.\n', "\nIf there's one thing that caught my eye when my colleague bought this phone is the display. It was a stunning 2k+ Quad HD display after all. It then lead me to look for video reviews from the youtube experts. It turns out, they did appreciate the display and phone. It's amongst the best displays on a phone in recent times and it's a Samsung panel.Pros of this phone:1. Ultra smooth beautiful quad hd screen with a 90 Hertz display. It is 6.67 inches in size including the curved edges. It's great for social media,videos which can render in 1440p if available and for reading too. It also does not have a notch and you pretty much love it.2. Battery life with a 4000 MAH battery is great when you consider that you use a 90 Hz refresh vivid qhd screen. Your could switch to 60 Hz but nah. :)3. Back cameras do a good job in capturing pics. An yet to really test them. The front 16 mp pop up camera works well. It's a good camera setup.4. It's got the SD 855 processor and it's butter smooth and fast.5. With the oxygen OS, it delivers near stock Android experience. It will very soon be upgraded to 10.6. Warp charging: it's got crazy fast charging compared to op6 which I have before this and 90% will get your through the day and more.7. The on screen finger print sensor is great to use.Cons:1. It's a heavy phone at 200 grams. You will take a week to get used to it since we all are so adaptive.2. It's got a curved display with curved edges. Accidental Ghost touches do occur from time to time. Also, your need to be careful. If you drop it face down, it will fall on the screen side given its weight and with the curved edges, there is a chance to break.3. With the launch of the OP7t, One plus has diluted the significance of this phone. We Indians are price conscious and the OP 7t costs 7k lower than each of the OP 7 pro models even after prices dropped on the 7 plus pro (OP 7 pro costs 4k lesser than when launched 6 months ago).Update: just found that there's a One Plus 7t Pro launching on October 10th 2019. With it, this will be definitely be the undisputed OP Flagship.4. For the price, no type C to 3.5 mm jack connector in the box, no type C ear phones, no wireless charge, no waterproof certification but you do get a case.Verdict:If you want the great screen, FHD+ 2K+ display, 90 Hz refresh and notch less design, go for the one plus pro. If you want most of what pro has, a balanced phone, some additional features and are ok with the 2k display and notch screen design, go for One plus 7t which is a super budget flagship killer too.\n", "\nThis is my first One Plus phone hence I don't  have a baseline to judge against.Pros:1. Excellent camera quality.2. It's a beauty to look at( P.S: I bought the Nebulae Blue).3. Display is just superb.(The resolution even when set to FHD+ and refresh rate of 60Hz is class leading).4. Snapdragon 855 is the fastest Qualcomm processor as of now so no knit picking in the speed and performance aspect.5. Price is perfect for all that you are getting.6. Selfie cam is better than I expected.Cons:1. The wide angle camera is a huge let down.(I have tried the S10+ wide angle lens setup and it's not comparable with this lens).2. No USB type C to 3.5 mm Jack adapter.( Another huge let down if you are used to getting earphones out of the box.)3. The QHD+ and 90Hz refresh rate drains charge fast and it's pretty obvious.4. At least a splash proof body could have been given at this price ( This is because splash proof displays and IP rated Samsung phones start around the 10 - 20K price range).\n", "\nAlmost a week of use now and I'm loving it from every aspect. It's a flagship phone at a much lesser price than the other brands. Camera quality is superb and even night mode is great (only on the primary cam though, night mode doesn't work well in zoom/tele). It looks stunning, performance is superb and battery life is great even for a heavy user.\n", "\nBetter than Samsung M30,A30,A50,A70,mi note 7pro, poco f1, vivo v15, oppo f11 pro, one plus 6t and all other middle(under INR 30000).Also better than iPhone 7, 7plus, 8, 8 plus, xr and upper middle priced phone(up to INR 60000).Also ignore all other brand phones.Points:1. Camera is excellent, night mode is brilliant2. No lagging at all3. No heating issue4. Comes with warp charger in box, super fast charging5. Front screen is the curved and totally premium look. 6.67in Fluid Amoled Display (2340 x 1440 pixels, HDR10+).6. No bending issue. Solid body.7. Sceen is not bleeding. No problem at all.8. Android pie (v9) with one of the most lightest skin Oxygen OS 9.5.3GM21AA (lots of customizations possible)9. No network issue (mobile network, wifi, screen casting)10. Little bit Slippery back side due to glass body. You can buy back cover for that. Also Silicon cover is come within box, if you like it.11. Popup camera is automatically lowered during free fall. ie. If you are using your phone with front camera poped up, and accidentally you drop you phone, front camera will be automatically goes back inside.12. No bloatwares (only Google apps(can not uninstal), one plus' 3-4apps(some of them can be uninstall) and Netflix(can not uninstall) are pre-Installed.I bought one plus 1 back in 2014. After that no phone attract me to buy it. But finally made my mind to buy this phone. And so far, no regrets at all.Jumping 6 generation(from one plus 1 to one plus 7pro) is fun.Hope you also like this phone.\n", '\nExcellent phone. Superb camera, awesome display, superfast fingerprint scanner, butter smoothly OS, superb warp charging...... everything is excellent.\n', '\nAfter a week use.Pros:Display is by far the best and awesome.Fast response, UI is very smooth - 90 htz.Camera is very good, not as good as Samsung and latest iPhones.Battery backup is decent.Cons:Phone is very slippery.No earphone jack, need to buy type-C earphone or adapter.I could not set different SMS ringtone for dual SIMs.No SD card slot.I felt battery is draining faster and warp charger is slower than Vivo Nex.Given transparent back cover is slippery. No additional matte cover as seen in unboxing on various YouTube videos.Will post more as I find more.____________________Further experience:Touch is not consistently responsive, especially through screen guard.I had to buy type-C earphone and adapter for 3.5mm earphone, recording is not good through adapter.48mp camera clarity can only be achieved in Pro mode, other modes are surprisingly of average or low standard compared to Samsung phones.Noticed that GPS loses direction which is quite annoying and not sure others faced. I could compare with other phone on the same route.Fingerprint response is incredible, top in Android phones.WARP charging is faster than I noticed initially.\n', "\nThe Oneplus 7 Pro is a stunner. Gorgeous design. At the rear it had a 3 camera setup. All three work amazingly. The 3x telephoto actually helps and gives very clear pictures. The nightscape mode is the best I've seen till now. The results are stunning to say the least. Check the attached pictures. None of these have been reprocessed. The screen is smoother beauty. Full saturated colours and perfect. I'm not sure I'm fond of the curved screen though. The call quality and reception is perfect. The BT range of excellent. The 2 external speakers are unexpectedly, actually very good. The battery life is more than adequate. In my normal use its still at 70% in the evening. Like all the preceding Oneplus models this too is blazingly fast.If I have a grouse outs the automatic screen brightness. It's absolutely useless. It does nothing. My Oneplus 5t controlled brightness really well. Is this a deal breaker? Not one bit. This is the best mobile for me and the one that gives real bang for the buck\n", '\nAwesome phone with great display. Camera quality is better then previous OnePlus phones, however its still not upto the mark of Samsung s10 or P20 pro. Also be aware that there is a price difference of almost 20k between S10+, P30 pro and oneplus7 Pro, so comparing their camera might not do justice. However it does fair pretty well, night mode is very good. Even though this is the most expensive model till date from OnePlus, its still has all the next gen features such as HDR10+, UFS 3 and so on which makes the price really apt. I love the curved display, unlike Samsung where you can visibly see the edges curved, in OnePlus the front display is curved in a grace full manner which later blends into the back panel.\n', "\nIts a nice phone to buy ....one plus always works on speed and delivering it in right pricePros*Amazing Display ( with modes to adjust to save battery life )*UFS 3.0 tested and it's actually fast.*Good battery life*Good Sound Quality compared to all other one plus device*Sufficient storage and we'll optimized ram management* Best Nightscape mode ( Camera only this feature )Come* Feels heavy while operating* Camera is okay and needs a lot of upgrade where OnePlus will eventually fix it post testing* No accessories like headphone or ctype to 3.5 convertor* Wireless charging* IP water resistant rating ( but it's splash proff and needs to be dried of soon )Processor is Superb 👍Camera is okay but fair enough .. love the nightscape mode 🌙Build is Nice 😎Display is flawless not comments for the same🤘Sound / Speaker output is just good enough... 👌Yes the mobile is dam heavy and not for one hand use ...u need dinosaur palm to handle it 😂Finger print reader will eventually get better as the AI will keep on recognizing the new side finger input.☝️\n", '\nGot this beast the next day it was on sale.The delivery was super fast though the package was just a plastic bag not much protection. Coming to the phone this phone is absolutely beast. Its better than shown in videos and photos and one can truely enjoy the experience once they get their hands on this phone.Pros :Great display and fluid smooth (90hz and quad hd is the best display ever seen on smartphone)Really fast and total lag freeMade for gamersGreat camera both front and backDesign is bestFree case is very good and warp charging is greatCons :Battery life is not that impressive if you are a heavy user (Gaming or streaming videos)No earphones which you expect after paying this much.Price (should be under 50k)This is an absolute beast phone best smartphone till date\n']